florida man stopped from shopping at miami beach publix for not wearing mask goes on explicit rant
florida man backs cadillac into, and on top of two parked cars
i didn t know reigen was a florida man...
florida man - get ready for trials...
there is no pandemic,  florida man yells, with countless vulgarities interspersed throughout his rant.  you re terrorists. you re in violation of my constitutional and civil rights.
florida man decides to create a car out of cannabis.
florida man dressed as grim reaper haunts florida beaches to protest there reopen
florida man is doing some good
florida man is doing some good for a change
florida man at center of trump boat parade enjoying his day in the sun ... and on the water
florida man lands his car on top of two others
florida man thought tire blowout was a gun shot at him. calls police and is arrested for having marijuana &amp; a large sum of cash in a diaper package.
florida man says he led an attempt to overthrow the government of venezuela
deputies: deltona resident finds naked florida man in pool enclosure
half-naked florida man sheriff, topless wife photographed indulging in foursome at couple-swapping party
florida man jumps into canal to avoid arrest, gets arrested on other side of canal
leaked photos of florida man sheriff at swingers party.
leaked photos of florida man sheriff at a swingers party.
joel michael singer held down after headbutting man at florida restaurant
florida man steals gator meat, tuna steaks, gets busted by tattoos,  gators  plate, wife
florida man falls out of vehicle, crashes into building
florida man offers to fix florida unemployment system for free
florida man backs up onto two parked cars in bank parking lot
putting florida man in a headlock
florida man arrested for attempted overthrow of venezuelan government
florida man dressed as dinosaur arrested with airsoft rifle
florida man driver damages parked cars after hopping curb in citrus county [more pics in comments.]
florida man opn first day of floridada reopen. (citrus county, florida) [twitter]
florida man tries to use federal aid to hire travel bloggers to promote his resort
is it true florida man found these hornets attacking honey bee hives?   (turns out it was fake news)...i think
florida man headbutts and punches staff in violent rampage
florida man throws crack pipe out window, hitting police officer in the head
florida man fights the law (again) and the law wins (again). with guest appearances by florida woman and florida child.
florida man joel singer
ex-green beret (florida man) attempts bay of pigs 2: electric boogaloo
florida man shoots ar-15 at dirt bikers who were  tormenting the neighborhood,  says he's doing it to 'raise awareness'
florida man breaks into home to make breakfast, then tells the homeowner "go back to sleep"
florida man arrested while wearing dinosaur costume and holding air soft gun
florida man arrested after shooting neighbor while attempting to make citizens arrest
florida man with ar-15 shoots neighbor while attempting to make citizens arrest.
florida man tries to get a video he doesnt own taken down after being a douchebag
florida man dresses as fat jesus to help kids scarred by florida man beach grim reaper
florida man backs his car onto two parked vehicles
florida man headbutts another for no good reason, goes on dmca'ing spree against video recording to buy his way out of infamy
florida man finally gets it right
florida man left son at side of highway because he might be homosexual: police - gruntstuff
florida man avoided friend for a year after borrowing his $60,000 jaguar and pawning it
with close to 37,000 patients: businesses across florida man are reopening
florida man being the a sheriff of broward county!
florida man sheriff shot, killed man when he was 14
florida man quarantines himself on disney island. arrested
florida man camps at disney thinking its a tropical paradise
florida man camped on disney world island at shuttered park
florida man arrested for camping at walt disney world s abandoned discovery island the fortysomething camper had been planning to stay for the week
florida man labels boat  trump  after blocked from flying trump flag on dock
florida man takes free food from school nutrition program meant for students, sells it for profit
florida man arrested while trying to quarantine on shuttered disney island
florida man stalks beach as grim reaper to protest reopening amid pandemic
florida man throws urine on prosecutor during sentencing hearing in fort lauderdale
florida man picked by gop governor to be broward sheriff admits to fatal shooting as a teen
florida man abducts scientist to make his dog immortal
florida man "completely forgot" he had a bunch of human tongues in his crawl space
florida man arrested at walt disney world trying to quarentine on discovery island
florida man caught camping at disney world on abandoned attraction
take our quiz now and find out just how well you know florida man"  
florida man optimized. caught camping on disney s discovery island says it was  tropical paradise'
florida man from alabama found camping on abandoned island in disney park during lockdown, unaware he was trespassing.
florida man dresses as grim reaper walks florida beaches.
florida man luke bryan's bar defies state orders, holds karaoke night
florida man who was found with guns told cops they belonged to john wick
florida man dresses as grim reaper to protest opening florida beaches to early.
florida man dresses up as grim reaper
florida man dresses up as the grim reaper at a beach
florida man dressed as grim reaper to protest reopening
florida man claimed guns found in car belonged to his cousin... 'john wick'
florida man camps i m abandoned disney island
florida man found camping on deserted disney world island
finally, a florida man i can be proud of
florida man doesn't get 'quarantine'.
florida man protests beach opening dressed up like the grim reaper
florida man takes to beaches dressed as grim reaper to protest their reopening
florida man finds largest known prime number
florida man walks around beaches dressed as grim reaper to protest re-opening of public beaches
florida man and florida woman flee from a buffalo charging their daughter who is flipped into the air and performs a complete backflip
florida man had enough fentanyl to kill half a million people
florida teen becomes a florida man
florida man claims guns found in suv belonged to 'john wick'
florida man is ready for the state to reopen
a florida man told cops he found a naked stranger in his bed:  it wasn t pleasant 
florida man charged in sex assault allegedly abducted, drugged, beat victim in camper
florida man cop uses taser on florida woman fianc e at her request, then gets suspended after she snitches on him after they break up
florida man is suggested to have used a turn of phrase well beyond his comprehension.
florida man claims gun found in car belongs to his cousin, john wick.
police suspicious after florida man wipes his butt with toilet paper that came away clean
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin  john wick 
florida man chases burglars at gunpoint after finding them curled up, snacking on his couch
florida man arrested after allegedly performing botched castration surgery
florida man arrested after botched home castration on man he met via dark web eunuch fetish site
florida man profiting off reopen nc movement
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin  john wick  
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin john wick
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin 'john wick'
florida man (um professor) fired after tiktok of pornographic bookmark goes viral
florida man (miami professor) shares screen with  college girl  porn bookmark, gets fired
florida man dressed as the grim reaper is warning beachgoers to stay 6 feet apart
florida man blames guns found in car on 'john wick'
we found the foot fetish florida man
florida man busted for weapons, blames john wick
florida man blames john wick for guns found in his car
florida man helps return $20k after customer loses cash
florida man honors state's reputation by twerking in court
florida man who was busted with guns in his car told cops his cousin 'john wick' was to blame
florida man tries to blame a weapons bust on john wick, the assassin played by keanu reeves in movie
florida man arrested for dui twice in one week
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to  john wick 
florida man, attacks again
sec alleges south florida man misled investors over coronavirus mask sales
oh florida man
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin john wick
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin "john wick"
i present to you the ultimate florida man, danny duncan
florida man engages in last minute maneuvers to become judge without an election
police: florida man dragged dog tied to golf cart, killing it
florida man catches 33-inch fish using publix fried chicken as bait
florida man threatened noisy four-wheelers with shotgun, deputies say
florida man facing 12 charges after allegedly committing 3 crimes in one day
florida man calls florida  god s waiting room  amid deadly coronavirus
florida man calls state  god s waiting room 
florida man accepted into all 8 ivy league schools
florida man accepted to all 8 ivy-league schools
florida man arrested for putting laxatives into teen s daily medication
florida man facing 11 charges after allegedly committing 3 crimes in one day
florida man gets accepted at all 8 ivy league schools
florida man governor calls florida  god s waiting room  for seniors
florida man spends investors money on strippers, cars
florida man works in mysterious ways - no homicide in miami in 7 weeks, biggest streak since 1957
florida man accused of making bomb threat to avoid work.
florida man drives on beach because he was bored.
florida man  having a bad day  at work, calls in bomb threat, deputies say
florida man called in a bomb threat to avoid work
florida man made bomb threat to avoid work
florida man cons the nation into injecting bleach
florida man decapitates family cat, displays head on stick in home backyard
florida man accused of spitting on cop, claimed had coronavirus
wholesome florida man
florida man 1 sells florida man 2 on a bleach cure for coronavirus, florida man 2 is donald trump and you know the rest
florida man pastor accused of punching donor, 70, at food distribution event in opa-locka
in clash over food giveaway, florida man pastor arrested after punching florida man rotary club president
florida man shoots at firefighters from inside burning home
florida man plans to stalk newly reopened beaches dressed as the grim reaper
florida man becomes a champion of the people
florida man claims uv light can be brought inside the body to kill coronavirus
florida man accused of beheading cat, putting head on stick in yard
moonshine-drinking florida man who threatened deputy jailed again on dui and resisting arrest charges
florida man buys 203 url's to demand reopening businesses
new florida man tom brady walks into complete stranger's kitchen thinking it was his coach's house
florida man, an ex-con arrested for allegedly hitting and choking his girlfriend told cops that he was not actually attacking the woman, but rather demonstrating "how i was previousy arrested for domestic battery"
florida man claims he predicted covid-19 at his church, shakes down poor congregants for money. oh, and he's the vice mayor of the city.
a florida man bought anti-quarantine site names to try to troll conservatives. now he s out $4,000 and the target of a harassment campaign.
florida man walks into wrong home
florida man puts fake covid-19 warning on door to try to avoid warrant arrest
together, jerry : florida man and florida woman, married 64 years, die within hours of each other
florida man &amp; lawyer in trouble for taking off pants in the courthouse   i m sorry, i thought this was america
new florida man tom brady accidentally trespasses and breaks into a strangers home.
florida man, 70, knocked out after bringing food donations to church, police say
florida man trying so hard!
florida wo(man) explaining jacksonville don't have to worry about the virus.
meta] what should the icon be for this, our florida man sub? (mod approved, possible prizes for best entry or design)
florida man tries to run over son who wouldn t take bath, deputies say
florida man will zoom bomb your work meeting with a farm animal for money
john cougar downey jr - florida man
florida man (transplanted) thomas brady enters stranger s home without knocking on door, mistakes offensive coordinator for buccaneers home with neighbor
florida man attacks elderly roommate who woke him up for breakfast, deputies say
florida man fails at self-quarantine
florida man encases arms with cement to protest the virus
florida man arrested for aiming bb gun at golfers.
florida man sues governor ron desantis and hillsborough county over emergency orders
florida man wants to show jury his penis to prove that his girlfriend choked to death during oral
florida man wants to show jury his penis to prove that his girlfriend choked to death during oral.
florida man claims to have covid-19, threatens to bite hotel employees, kicks police
florida man couldn t wait and just had to smoke a cigarette in the er.
florida man lyfts uber, rescues state trooper
florida man lyfts uber, rescues officer
florida man builds home-made airplane, crashes it in missouri
broward judge denies release of florida man, an inmate sickened with covid-19, a novel coronavirus
lawyer son, a white nationalist florida man, arrested 2 days after lawyer dad was accused of pimping
florida man crafting masks made from python and alligator skin
florida man selling masks made from python, alligator skin amid coronavirus outbreak
florida man tried to use fake  covid-19  sign to dodge arrest
florida man decides to buy a domain name, or two, ends up astroturfing entire  reopen  campaign.
florida man: tom brady 'cited' for working out in park closed because of coronavirus
florida man seeks to "flatten the curve", reopens beaches leading to thousands of new coronavirus cases
florida man spotted working out in a closed tampa bay downtown park and employee kicked him out. the man was new buccaneers qb tom brady.
florida man uses 2 way radio illegally, also made a human trafficking ring.
florida man - a teacher - accused of calling kids  brat  and  dummy  faces firing
brand new florida man tom brady was thrown out of park by a tampa recreation worker
florida man arrested for emptying septic tank into boss s pool, takes swim in poop pool
florida man encases self in concrete at governor's mansion
florida man allegedly drops pants inside tj maxx
deputies: florida man charged for pointing bb gun at golfers
florida man vs. florida woman: first they divorced, now they re running against each other for broward clerk of courts
florida man vs. florida woman: first they divorced, now they re running against each othe r for broward clerk of courts
florida-man sues china for $4 trillion over virus.
pn homicide suspect arrested in fl during covid beach sweep (florida man is his spirit animal)
florida man calling himself "the beast" gouges eyes of armed home intruder.
florida man, the governor of florida wears face mask the wrong way while encouraging people to go outside.
florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
u.s. news florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
florida man blows a .339 blood alcohol level and gets a dui on a golf cart
florida man opens beaches but closes schools during coronavirus pandemic
florida man politician mocks unemployed constituent for not having a job during coronavirus pandamic
florida man who got 3 million views for pretending to pee and poop on people in public arrested for attacking a woman out for a jog
florida man drops sick beat titled  free joe exotic ; seemingly does not support florida woman
florida man puts on a mask
florida man arrested for a second time for impersonating a police officer
florida man donates plasma to doctor with covid-19
florida man caught selling cure for the novel coronavirus
florida woman catches florida man on camera running naked in cape coral
not florida man but a competitor
florida man buys haunted california ghost town, gets trapped there for month by snowstorm
florida man encased himself in concrete to protest coronavirus
florida man (governor ron desantis) puts on coronavirus covid-19 protection mask wrong during press conference
florida man shot, hospitalized after dispute over unleashed dog, police say
florida man (the governor) showing how not to put on an n95 mask.
florida man: miami police chief says he s tested positive for covid-19.  my symptoms are mild. 
only florida man: two jupiter florida men charged with dui at same time, driving same suv
florida man encases self in concrete at governor s mansion
florida man encases himself in concert to protest
florida man encases self in concrete at governor s mansion, protests prison conditions
florida man calls his arrest over keeping open gaming business a  show of hubris  by pinellas sheriff
florida man to reopen beaches during global pandemic and quarantine
florida man opens beaches in the middle of a pandemic
florida man hides face with underwear while stealing electronics from walmart
florida man arrested for stealing from walmart while trying to conceal his face with underwear
florida man jailed during coronavirus crisis, gets felony charge over $36 in drinks
florida man - singer jake miller - is quarantined and is speaking out about it on tiktok
florida man charged by cftc for $1.6 million ponzi scheme
florida man decides to reopen florida beaches starting tonight
stand your ground' law frees florida man after shooting deputies trying to arrest his prostitue daughter
florida man (attorney) scolded by judge to wear a shirt for zoom hearings
florida man decides to reopen beaches and parks for "essential activities" such as surfing and hiking
florida man arrested outside governor s mansion after trapping himself in concrete-filled barrels
florida man arrested after threatening to shoot unmasked people in publix grocery stores
florida man loses his shit and writes bad book titles
florida man decides playing yu-gi-oh! is an essential business, gets arrested
the legend of florida man animated comedy video
florida man strikes again, while a child is trying to reason with him
florida man strikes again, now has child trying to reason with him.
when florida man is also kyle
florida man placed fake pizza orders in nj, wished coronavirus on italians
florida man loses 40 pounds in 4 weeks. all he had to do was go bowling during a pandemic.
florida man released from prison over covid-19 fears is later arrested for murder
florida man attorney appears at video hearings shirtless and in bed
florida man sheriff delayed issuing hand sanitizer to his troops in order to have customized logos with his name on it put on the bottles
florida man attends online hearing shirtless
florida man : al capone first trailer: tom hardy's notorious gangster is diseased but deadly in florida
florida man passes out drunk during live-streamed drag performance, raises hundreds of dollars
florida man falls asleep during live stream drag performance, raises hundreds of dollars
florida man: doctor who was handcuffed in front of his kids says he was profiled while volunteering
authorities say florida man threatened mass shooting over lack of masks worn at grocery store
florida man charged with murder after wife disappears
florida man jailed twice in one week for impersonating an officer
florida man bailed out after impersonating an officer arrested again for allegedly using fake badge to avoid $2 toll charge
florida man attorney doesn't wear shirt in zoom court hearing
florida man accused of threatening ex's life over food stamps card
florida man gynecologist arrested for stealing trump 2020 flag from neighbor
you heard about florida man, this one is florida women passed out in a chilis s parking lot after her florida man left her there!
florida man and his law firm file class action lawsuit against china over sars-cov-2
florida man is a successful lobbyist
hopeful pot lawyer loses his shit. also my brother-in-law s lawyer lol this florida man adventure is too close for comfort.  i don t get it he was so sweet  they said.
florida man busted in murder of teen during botched yeezy sneaker deal
florida man governor explains why sporting events are needed now: "i mean, we are watching reruns from like the early 2000s. 
florida man placed fake pizza orders in nj
florida man used coronavirus quarantine rules to cover up his wife's murder, police say
florida man freed amid coronavirus concerns committed murder one day after release
florida man accused of murdering estranged wife pretended she was dying from coronavirus
florida man gets arrested in connection with a homicide less than a month after being released due to covid19
florida man, governor, declares professional wrastling essential business amid world wide pandemic
florida man deems wwe 'essential business' (spoiler: man is florida gov. ron desantis)
florida man could potentially get a job - amazon hires over 7,000 florida employees during coronavirus pandemic
morbidly obese' florida man sues restaurants
florida man lawyers had to be reminded to wear shirts during virtual court appearances
florida man helps struggling restaurant stay afloat after buying $20,000 bottle of bourbon for $40,000
thought it was about time for a wholesome florida man post in this community: florida man buys $20,000 bottle of bourbon for $40,000 to help struggling restaurant stay afloat
florida man mayor deems wwe to be "essential business" so pro wrestling can resume live shows
florida man - an inmate - refused to take off a protective mask. he was handcuffed, punished.
youtube prankster with over 10 million followers arrested after attack on florida man
florida man can watch wwe, cause it is in essential business during the crisis
florida man deems pro wrestling essential
florida man charged with murder after wife disappears amid suspicious coronavirus messages
florida man governor deems wwe an essential business in florida, allows them to remain open.
florida man deems wwe an essential business during pandemic shutdown
florida man in polyamorous relationship, with three other men, charged with child abuse of child fathered by one of the other men
florida man accused of murdering his wife, using covid-19 as cover
florida man-toilet smell
florida man sanitizes delivery box to protect child with autoimmune disorder.
florida man don t like stinky toilets like everyone else i guess
florida man accused of beating cellmate who asked for a  courtesy flush  to help with smell
florida man accused of beating cellmate who asked for a "courtesy flush" to help with smell
florida man pays $40k for $20k bottle of bourbon to keep restaurant afloat
florida man police chief asserts deputy died from corona because he was gay to make other deputies think their exposure was limited. placed on leave
florida man blames his deputy's covid-19 death on "homosexual events"
florida man pays $40,000 for $20,000 bottle of bourbon
florida man, the governor, has a ba (history) from yale, jd from harvard in 2005.
deland florida man
lake county florida man
i hope you catch corona': florida man arrested after coughing on deputies, threatening to kill mom, deputies say
florida man awakens from days-long coma, asks for taco bell
florida man use this covid-19 to cover up his wife's murder.
florida man uses covid-19 to cover up his wife's murder.
florida man : what the governor of florida doesn't know about the coronavirus is a lot
florida man who hates italians made fake orders to nj pizzerias, cops say
florida man arrested for wife s disappearance due to coronavirus texts
florida man arrested for cutting brake lines of over 140 bird scooters
florida man ends street fight by running them over
florida man saves turtle from gators
toilet-clogging florida man jailed after nasty spat with woman
florida woman spent last sunday night in jail for allegedly beating up a naked florida man
florida man charged with nj pizza fraud over fake orders for first responders
florida man will make you a corona mask out of python skin.
florida man contemplated recruiting children for biological terrorism: bizarre plot to kill teachers, elderly grandparents, and more.
florida man accused of murdering his wife, uses covid-19 as cover up.
florida man completely botches coronavirus response for his state
florida man claims it's his constitutional right to rape a donkey - shadowproof
florida: man claims it's his constitutional right to rape a donkey - shadowproof
florida man arrested in connection to pizza-ordering scam in new jersey
florida woman and her florida man dad hit with bat after social distancing warning
florida man (governor) considers reopening schools, claiming no one under 25 has died nationwide.
head florida man falsely claims covid-19 hasn't killed anyone under 25
florida governor man
florida man arrested after exposing himself in mcdonald s drive thru, police say
florida (wo)man in the easter spirit.
florida man arrested for intentionally coughing on a store employee
florida man (governor) wears one glove while touches face with other hand.
florida man loses a toe after a bad break up
florida man faces federal charges after spitting on a police officer and claiming to have covid-19
florida man sues tiger woods for allegedly pushing him at tournament two years ago which he claims left him hospitalized
florida man tries to order a burrito at the bank.
florida man runs to bermuda in a giant bubble
florida man catches 33-inch fish off florida coast using publix fried chicken as bait
renowned florida man mails in absentee ballot after claiming that mail-in votes are corrupt
florida man spit on officer, claimed he had coronavirus. he doesn't. now, he faces a federal charge.
hawaii mayor: florida man flouting quarantine was  covidiot 
florida man accused of dui told police he might have coronavirus, palm bay police say
florida man loses life savings on luckin coffee: pours scalding coffee on crotch in starbucks screaming profanities about fake chinese data
florida man emt intentionally coughed on woman
florida man sets up wrestling ring in front yard, hosts matches during a pandemic
man leaving easter eggs with porn in them in florida mailboxes
a florida man who drank a bottle of wine that he was unable to pay for at a winn-dixie then fled the store, ran a red light and caused a hit-and-run crash all with an 11-year-old girl in tow
hawaii mayor to arrested florida man:  covidiot 
florida man wearing homemade coronavirus face mask robs publix
florida man tries to defy hawaii s traveler quarantine; hawaii mayor calls him  covidiot. 
florida man who was accused of coughing on store worker says social distancing  out of hand 
hawaii mayor to arrested florida man: you re a  covidiot 
florida man shanks dog, then cooks it
florida man accused of stabbing dog
florida man thinks she doesn't have to pay her employees because of coronavirus. goes on rant.
florida man accused of stabbing dog and putting it in hot oven, deputies say.
florida man inmate drops a deuce then drops his celly after an offensive remark about his odoriferous excrement
sounds accurate, florida man.
florida man attacked and killed by pet cassowaries. becomes first human killed by the species since 1926.
florida woman assaulted man with spaghettios
florida man films himself molesting his dog while wearing a dog costume
make "florida man" a netflix series
florida man attacked and killed by pet cassowaries becomes first human to die by the species since 1926
wasetcase florida man movie
florida man is bored during quarantine.
did florida man commit this tortoise-napping?
florida man batters cashier over social distancing beef
florida man leads the race in coronavirus related crime tracked by the smoking gun - nearly 50% of us coronacrime
florida man creates florida social distancing scavenger hunt bingo card
coronavirus tiger king parody from florida man
florida man steals car containing baby alligator, guns, and drugs
florida man found with guns, drugs, a stolen car, and a baby alligator
florida man  maintain at least one large alligator distance, florida county tells people in new post 
florida man faked his own murder by tying a gun to a weather balloon
florida man "being chased by dinosaurs" shot by mother
florida man sues tv station for defamation for calling him a pastor, even though florida man admitted he is pastor
florida man brutalized, baked dog
florida man, 62, is deported as accomplice to the nazis - august 13th 1985
amid coronavirus fears, florida man assaults ice cream truck driver
florida man attacks ice cream truck
yet another florida man arrested by kauai police in hawaii for violating state's quarantine measures, and this time time he was also intoxicated and became belligerent with airport staff and police.
florida man arrested for stabbing, brutalizing, and baking dog in the oven
florida man flashes online class
florida man and florida woman to pioneer much-needed covid-19 research by random-testing all of miami-dade county
florida man downloaded child porn as 'boredom killer,' deputies say.
florida man trains pro wrestlers for $2,000 in dingy, unmarked warehouse
florida man trains pro wrestlers $2000 in a dingy, unmarked warehouse
florida man loses insurance for holding church services during coronavirus outbreak
florida man exposes himself after hacking into online florida class
driver hits, kills florida man laying in road, fhp says
florida man hangs giant roll of toilet paper in front yard
florida man hangs giant toilet paper roll in front yard
florida man dies from coronavirus after returning from cruise
florida man hoa president threatens nurse $1000 a day fine over  quarantine rv 
florida man strikes again.
brand new florida man rents derek jeter's house
florida man governor overrides county officials to allow church gatherings during corona virus lockdown
florida man wrestles alligators... literally.
florida man with covid-19 spits on an officer's face
florida man zooms himself into distance learning class and exposes himself
florida man zooms into virtual class during distance learning, exposes himself
florida man (he s from tampa) arrested in hawaii for breaking quarantine order
2 florida man steal corona beer from coconut creek cvs, tell workers they have  the virus 
florida man burns down forrest for gender reveal party
florida man says he has been forced to quit his job after being bitten by the horror spider when he was staying in an airbnb between apartments.
florida man is the first person arrested in hawaii for breaking quarantine order
florida man issues stay-at-home order after weeks of resistance
florida man arrested after spraying local businesses with covid-19
florida man makes video about florida man
the florida man
florida man sparks 10-acre fire at a gender reveal party mixed with explosives
florida man coming down off meth realizes there's a global pandemic.
florida man delivers toilet paper to neighbor using drone
florida man rep. rick scott wants world health organization investigated by congress
florida man hangs giant roll of toilet paper in front yard
florida man forces inmates to eat tobacco
florida man who raised funds for border wall hawks millions of face masks
shoplifting florida man flees store, strips naked as steaks fall out of his pants
nearly naked florida man breaks into school, smears feces and cake frosting everywhere
florida man breaks into home, sucks on sleeping man's toes
kauai police arrest florida man 41.
florida man in hawaii
florida man for violating 14-day quarantine
florida man made it to hawaii
florida man "being chased by dinosaurs" shot by mother.
florida man arrested for allegedly spraying liquid he claims to be coronavirus on people.
florida man asks for rent suspension!
florida man who's also a pastor claims toilet paper rolls will multiply if you just have faith
florida man who happens to be the sheriff is a fan of joe exotic just like everyone else
popular netflix series prompts florida man sheriff to reopen 23 year old cold case
popular netflix series prompts florida man sheriff to reopen 23 year old cold case
florida man puts whole state at risk
florida man sprays covid-19 on doors of business
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man kills girlfriend, her lover after finding them having sex
florida man kills girlfriend, her lover after finding them having sex
florida man leaves $10k tip as restaurants close due to coronavirus
florida man abandons pet dog because he thought it could give him coronavirus
florida man found naked in car with teen he met on snapchat, deputies say
florida man and pastor tries to give jesus and his flock corona virus by holding service despite the safer-at-home orders.
florida man and pastor arrested for trying to give jesus and his flock coronavirus by being told about the stay-at-home order and still holding service.
florida man: pastor arrested for violating coronavirus rules after holding church services
florida man warning others after getting fake coronavirus stimulus check in mail "this is absolutely sickening."   thomas andrews
florida man invents corona virus survival tool
florida man dies after getting coronavirus on costa luminosa | miami herald". he caught covid-19 on a cruise ship. his family had to say goodbye over speakerphone
yikes! florida man please..
here are the best florida woman and florida man memes ever
florida man pastor arrested after he ignored quarantine and held church service for hundreds
florida man/pastor faces charges for defying stay-at-home order with large services
florida man pretends to spray covid-19 at local business
florida man pastor arrested after he holds two jam-packed sunday services despite local order prohibiting large public gatherings during coronavirus
on april 12th, 1986, the first florida man, a satelite dish operator hijacked the hbo network to protest high subscription prices.
warrant issued for florida man at tampa area mega church - claims magical sneeze blasting device
florida man found naked in car with girl he met on social media app, deputies say
florida man coughs on deputy, says he has coronavirus
florida man claimed to have coronavirus and coughed on police
florida man coughs on officer after saying he has coronavirus
florida man arrested after allegedly spraying substance on business doors, telling patrons they were now infected with coronavirus
florida man runs 100 miles for covid-19 charity
florida man arrested after spraying substance labeled  covid-19 
florida man admits to leaving dog, believing it could give him coronavirus
florida man joins covid-19 s team
florida man u.s. senator says journalists have 'glee' about coronavirus deaths going up. he gets the shit he deserves about it.
sheriff: florida man tells deputies he has the coronavirus then coughs on them
florida man pastor claims he can cure coronavirus; megachurch packed with worshipers during pandemic
florida man leaves son at police station because he thought he was gay.
florida man megachurch packed with worshipers during coronavirus pandemic
florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating cop
florida man escorts mother duck, 12 ducklings safely back to lake
florida man kills best for not sayin no homo after 10 hour anal session
it's a lot like chinese water torture," tb to when florida man sued prison because of  the polar express 
naked florida man (and florida woman) found wrestling in car outside clearwater mall
florida man kills arizona ranger in the town of agua fria (texas red is florida man)
florida man steals forklift, then uses forklift to smash into ross and steal conveyor belt, then gets caught coming back for more
laundry basket-throwing florida man sex offender jailed after melee
florida man sex offender charged with terrorizing family with knife on christmas
florida man jailed on charges of having sex with miniature pony
florida man tips mover 1984 rolls royce
florida man entertainer jailed after naked romp through front yard leads to violent altercation with florida woman who puts him in a headlock
naked florida man nabbed while sexually pleasuring himself outside silver springs motel
naked florida man arrested after showing up at belleview home after being kicked out of his vehicle by his girlfriend
florida woman on meth arrested after nasty spat with man
naked florida man, high on meth, bites k-9 canine: report
florida man accused of stealing $800 worth of lingerie from dillard s
support the troops killing for anonymous corporations | florida man signs up for the army
florida man with no arms or legs is armed and on the run
hire expert florida man freelancer . on peopleperhour
florida man freelancers | hire expert freelancers - peopleperhour
florida man  tiger king  joe exotic arrested in northwest florida in murder-for-hire plot
florida man arrested for trying to assault a mcdonalds worker over a straw
florida man, age 40, becomes first covid-19 related death in miami-dade county.
florida man pastor says he'll keep church open during coronavirus outbreak, claims to have most sterile building in america
florida man accused of stealing $800 worth of lingerie from dillard s
please share your florida man stories on my post! i need to get as close to 10k as possible for my class project!
florida man steals truck, blames coronavirus
florida man steals truck, blames coronavirus: cops
florida man ate bag of drugs "pulled from his butt"
florida man arrested for having child porn, molotov cocktails
when florida man meets florida woman
coronavirus: possibly infected florida man hacks on deputies deliberately
florida man (and woman) found wrestling naked in car outside clearwater mall
florida man says,  hold a blowdryer in front of your face  to cure coronavirus.
florida man goes table surfing while social distancing.
florida man "violently" punches gas pumps, car wash drive thru and trees after argument with girlfriend
florida man arrested twice in two days for impersonating an officer
florida man lands in jail for allegedly cutting down fence he thought belonged to someone else
florida man robs cvs store with hatchet, police say
florida man really stole an entire driveway
florida man tries to make recreational drugs great again with donald trump's face and name printed on mdma tablets
florida man (or woman) who's the manager of an airport chili's asks servers to come in and clean during coronavirus scare, then fires them
florida man (or woman) whose the manager of a chili's asks servers to come in and clean, then fires them
florida man leaves $10,000 tip at restaurant, says " i want each person in this restaurant to get 500 dollars"
florida man visits washington
u.s. believes florida man - ex-fbi agent bob levinson - died while being held hostage in iran
we all know it's true, thanks florida man
florida man took tip jar after being denied free drink at sub shop
ok thoughts? are these the best florida man memes or not?
florida man found in miami hotel room with crystal meth - andrew gillum, democratic candidate for florida governor, was involved in a suspected crystal meth incident at a miami beach hotel on friday morning.
florida man (the governor)  working overtime to preserve our status as the world s leading exporter of political comedy. 
florida man: miami-dade reaches 400 cases; state total over 1,600
florida man doesn't understand why anyone would need so much toilet paper 'unless you have a really big butt.'
florida man play shirts vs. skins soccer during a pandemic
florida man credits trump, not doctors, for corona recovery.
florida man tried to escape cops by stripping naked. ribeyes fell out of his pants.
coronavirus: florida man - acclaimed playwright terrence mcnally - dies in sarasota of covid-19 complications
florida man advises to cure coronavirus with hairdryer up nose
florida man arrested twice in 2 days for impersonating police officer
florida man arrested for stealing toilet paper from hotel
florida man who was peeing all over room attacks good samaritan who tried to stop him
florida man why not a gator?
exuse me... he shoved a what in his pants!? but not a gator? florida man why?
intoxicated florida man relieves himself on police car bumper
florida man - (commissioner of okeechobee county, florida ) suggested how to kill the coronavirus by taking a blow dryer, hold it up to your face and inhale. keeping it real in florida-
florida man arrested, charged with stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man attacks pregnant woman. the mugshot is classic florida man
florida man is arrested again for impersonating a police officer twice.
florida man and politician warns that there's a lot of baloney online and promptly reports that burning your nose with a hairdryer can kill the coronavirus according to "the new fox news."
florida man beats corona virus
florida man suggests using blow drier to kill off corona virus with 2nd degree burn temps. florida man is a city council member at a public meeting.
not sure if you guys have seen this yet or not. this is a great explanation of the florida man from the show big mouth on netflix.
a florida woman was arrested and charged with aggravated assault with intent to kill after she reportedly "farted loudly" in a dollar store, and then pulled a knife on a man that complained
i m not going to lie, it s cocaine:  florida man tries to eat stolen debit card.
florida man - governor ron desantis - orders 2-week self-quarantine of new york visitors
florida man okeechobee county commissioner bryant culpepper, apologizes after claiming that blowing a hair dryer up your nose kills the coronavirus
florida man with coronavirus says drug touted by trump saved his life
florida man with coronavirus says drug touted by trump saved his life
florida man is reassuring as about the effectiveness of the drug proposed by trump to deal with corona virus...we should all listen to florida man and doctor d.j trump in this case.....lol.
death threats against 3 different judges gets florida man arrested 3 times in the same week, all while he was out on probation after defending himself against drug charges
on a lighter note, florida man is feeling better after a new drug combo helps him through enduring the coronavirus.
florida man cop charged with sending photo of his genitals to a undercover fbi agent
florida man accused of showing his genitals charged with making box-cutter threat
florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating officer
florida man arrested during traffic stop and found to be naked with string tied to his genitals
florida man arrested in 35-year-old cold case murder thanks to dna on cigarette
florida man beats coronavirus
florida man county commissioner: i m  sorry  for saying hair dryers cure covid-19
florida man gets probation for taping dog's mouth shut
classic florida man
florida man tries to do the right thing and calls out lack of action from florida leader to help save people without electricity!
florida man, who is also a county commissioner, uses public meeting to recommend blowing a hairdryer up your nose to "kill" coronavirus
florida man official recommends blow dryer at your face to combat coronavirus; don t do that
angry florida man jumps into lagoon
florida man who parties during spring break could be  super-spreader  of covid-19 coronavirus
florida man commissioner humiliates florida woman mayor during emergency meeting for her inaction during the coronavirus outbreak
florida man arrested for stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper
florida man gets arrested then holds jail staff hostage with gun cops failed to find
florida man arrested for stealing hotel toilet paper
who are you florida man/woman? you re a legend
who are you florida man?
florida man who weighs 450lbs - hides marijuana in stomach fat
florida man - who weighs 450lbs- hide marijuana is stomach
florida man public freak out during commissioner meeting
florida man turns booze into hand sanitizer and gives it away for free
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man attacked pregnant woman because he thought she has coronavirus
florida man assaulted pregnant woman because he thought she has the coronavirus
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel amidst coronavirus
florida man arrested for felony theft of 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
my friend just released his first single  florida man  based off stories from this thread. let s help him go viral   
florida man arrested for stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper
florida man arrested for stealing 66 toilet paper rolls
florida man molest woman claiming his touch can prevent cancer
florida man arrested with more than 100 penises in jars
florida man arrested for tossing gator into wendys
florida man puts entire state at risk for covid
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, immediately admits to police he's carrying cocaine
florida man who hired hitmen to kill rival zookeeper now a netflix docuseries
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, immediately admits to police he's carrying cocaine
florida man brady sluder said,  if i get infected by a coronavirus, i get infected, i am not going to allow it to restrict me from partying. 
florida man used mcdouble burger and vaping pen as weapons during domestic attack
florida man arrested in 1985 killing of young mother after dna found on cigarette
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from orlando hotel
florida man pleads not guilty after 78-pound meth seizure
florida man accused of beating pregnant woman he thought was infected with coronavirus
florida man, he isn't afraid of any coronavirus outside, anyway, he only drinks bud light.
florida man takes off pants after crashing into car
florida man awarded $37,500 after cops mistake glazed doughnut crumbs for meth
florida man - in wake of wild spring break scenes, miami closes beaches
florida man flies drone with hanging toilet paper
florida man charged with stealing $1 roll of toilet paper is held on $5000 bond
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed 'olaf' at target
florida man beats a 6-months pregnant woman because he thought that she had covid-19
florida man has $1,200 worth of smoke shop merchandise destroyed by wandering chicken
florida man attacks pregnant woman he thinks has coronavirus
florida man is the first congressman to announce testing positive for coronavirus
florida man first member of congress to test positive for corona virus.
florida congressman "typhoid mario", and therefore a florida man, becomes first federal lawmaker to test positive for coronavirus
florida man would drive a racing go kart to buy beer.
florida man in politics: beaches not ordered to close amid pandemic
florida man beats pregnant woman he believed to have covid-19
donald trump spreads unproven claim that florida man was involved in  sex orgy 
florida man will be much less active for 30 days as every bar in florida has closed.
florida man crashed his car into woman and girl. that s when he got naked, cops say
florida man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda
florida: man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda
florida man votes for joe biden during pandemic
florida man refuses to shut down beaches amid spread of coronavirus
florida man arrested for impersonating an officer just days after going to jail for the same crime, deputies say
florida man who was peeing all over room attacks good samaritan who tried to stop him, police say
young florida man and bees
florida man convicted of manslaughter for fatal punch
florida man still throwing a st pattys block party at local bars
florida man goes to beach: packed beaches remain open despite covid-19 concerns
florida man in public office suggests first responders "take one for the team" and get coronavirus to build immunity
florida man stocks up on beer for the corona virus
florida man buying up all the guns!
florida man found with gillum at south beach hotel room identifies as  pornstar performer 
florida man tried to pull over an undercover cop while pretending to be an officer
florida man ice rink manager accused of taking 'upskirt' photos of teen at chipotle
florida man raps
florida man talks crazy
blood &amp; feces found on florida man gubernatorial candidate's hotel bed
florida man bites his brother s penis off after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket
dumb and dumber: florida man offered fellow florida man a free iphone if he came to pick him up again. he did, and promptly got carjacked. he did not get the phone.
deja vu florida man: florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer days after he was released from jail for the same crime!
deja vu florida man: florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer cops days after he was released from jail for the same crime!
florida man who was lieutenant governor complains to coloradans that his ski vacation was ruined due to coronavirus cancellations. this did not go over well.
florida man travels through time
florida man used anglerfish stomach to masturbate ends up in hospital
florida man arrested after punching atm for "giving him too much money"
florida man doesn't want a food deliver driver entering his apartment parking lot - live pd
florida man caught shoplifting 10 layers of shirts on live pd in 80 degrees weather
florida man ponders whether to preemptively infect all first responders with coronavirus
florida man naked on highway because  monsters 
florida man charged with stealing toilet paper amidst shortages linked to coronavirus
a new rival for florida man
florida man goes to disney world with two asian guys
florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
florida man arrested for throwing rocks at cars while naked
florida man and florida woman ignore all that talk about social distancing, have sex outside hospital
florida man used mcdonald's mcdouble burger as weapon during domestic attack, cops say
cock shit bingo is a thing for florida man
florida teen pulls a florida man in spectacular street-racing crash
florida man cancels spring break. miami mayor cancels all spring break events and activities.
florida man cancels spring break "over". miami mayor cancels spring break events and activities.
florida man could be criminally charged for deliberately boarding plane with coronavirus.
florida man sues china for coronavirus
florida man beats the bermuda triangle
florida man company aim immunotech s drug to be tested as possible coronavirus treatment
florida-man company aim immunotech s drug to be tested as possible coronavirus treatment
florida man arrested for throwing rocks at cars while naked
florida teen's crash almost ends his chance to grow into florida man
florida man who came within tens of thousands of votes of being governor found by police puking in bathroom of miami motel room where another florida man was overdosing on meth
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card after being caught with it at disney world
florida man: ex-governor candidate andrew gillum involved in drug incident, miami beach police report.
florida man and former gubernatorial candidate andrew gillum involved in a crystal meth overdose incident that was a suspected but unconfirmed orgy.
florida man (former tallahassee mayor and cnn contributor andrew gillum) arrested after "crystal meth orgy"
florida man andrew gillum involved in suspected crystal meth incident in miami beach, police say
florida man in cow form
florida man accused of forcing small alligator to drink beer
florida man can't post cute cat videos of his own cats online due to lawsuits
florida man sexually assaulted teenagers on camping trip, gave 2 tattoos: authorities
florida man arrested for stealing toilet paper from neighbor's car
florida man faces aggravated battery charges after throwing hamburger, vape pen
florida man who is a carnival fair operator gets beat up and fired for calling a guest the n-word
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card after being caught with it at disney world
florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
florida man customs agent discovered $30,000 worth of cocaine inside set of golf clubs
florida man buys beer at a store, returns later with a live alligator in hand
naked florida man breaks into albany, ny office building
florida man stuck with big bill to rule out coronavirus no longer owes money on his claim
is a florida cow counted as a florida man?
florida man who's considered a top expert on 'money laundering in latin america' to plead guilty to money laundering $3 million for venezuela.
florida man comforts child whose parents crashed their car, took off without her
i m not going to lie, it s cocaine:  florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, deputies say
naked florida man trippin while stripped
florida man stung over 100 times trying to save dog from bees
florida man does cocaine, eats stolen debit card
florida man had sex with 10-year-old and photographed it, deputies say
florida man on jet ski goes missing trying to save bird
florida man, retired firefighter, wwii vet is turning 93. he just finished his 4th spartan race
florida man spent night in walmart park lot after potentially infecting the leader of the free world with coronavirus
florida man arrested for fourth dui tells cops just how high he is, deputies say
florida man congressman slept in walmart parking lot to avoid infecting others with possible coronavirus
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man heading home after a night out.
car falls on florida man, killing him during home repair
florida man brings eggs to a gun fight
florida man finds tribe of valuable treasures from 1715 shipwreck
florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
florida man uses baby as human shield to block bullets.
florida man doesn't understand quarantine
florida man wears mask making fun of covid-19, self-quarantines because of possible covid-19 exposure
florida man: 5 state lawmakers to self-quarantine pending coronavirus test after attending conferences
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man arrested for trying to get an alligator drunk
florida man faces charges over road rage urine bottle bombardment
florida man facing charges over urine bottle bombardment
florida man, high on meth, breaks into home to sleep on the owner s couch
florida man blames child porn on his dad
florida man washes sheets for the first time in 4 years because of corona virus
florida man is arrested after he attempts to pay for his mcdonald's with weed.
florida man killed sleeping couple, enlisted stepdaughter, her boyfriend to bury bodies in swamp, sheriff says
florida man runs away from cops. stops to pet cats, goes to jail
toilet-smashing florida man arrested after drinking binge at local bar
florida man repeatedly offers to show ihop patrons his genitals, and then steals doughnuts.
florida man scratched by black bear while on porch, wildlife officials say
florida man doing good
florida man former governor goes on fox news to brag about how he handled crisis situations, apparently forgetting that 12 people died in a nursing home after a hurricane under his watch
florida man accused of sucking elderly patients toes in a nursing home
florida man (x 118) arrested by florida cop (x unknown) for lacking license to paint.
florida man congress man wears full gas mask to the house. says, "members of congress are human petri dishes." everyone seems to agree with this florida wisdom.
florida man congressman says "members of congress are human petri dishes." no one is surprised or doubts this florida wisdom.
florida man wins $5 million lotto jackpot on $20 scratch-off game
florida man and woman
ice arrests &amp; extradites florida man - suspect in massacre 40 years ago
nostalgia: my youthful florida man goal.
naked florida man learns which type of exposure is legal at one-hour photo
florida man rapes 2 stuffed animals in a target.
florida man (boy) mistakenly spritzes self with pepper spray at school gym; sends 40 others to hospital
florida man bartender serves guy drinks, learns minutes later that the guy plowed into his car in the parking lot
florida man uses baby as human shield during traffic stop, deputies say
florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
florida man in trouble for letting 47 twerkers plus instagram star film video in high school gym
desire by florida man for tender barbecue nearly erupts into gun battle
florida man matt gaetz wears gas mask during congressional vote to address new coronavirus
florida man hospital employee arrested for sucking elderly patient's toes.....
florida man wears gas mask on floor of u.s. house of representatives
florida man wears gas mask while reviewing coronavirus emergency bill
florida man finds a shipwreck with a trove of spanish coins dating back to a 1715
florida man (wo) tries to build nail bomb inside walmart ..
florida man uses baby as human shield
florida man arrested after mooning diners at restaurant
florida man leaves crushed water bottle in store after stealing $3 million of gold and jewelry, cops use it to track him to california where he's already in jail.
florida man donned blonde wig while committing burglary. it didn t work, deputies say.
florida man accused of stealing $3 million in gold, jewelry from tampa store arrested in california after leaving dna evidence on water bottle at the scene
florida man scientist uses science skills to make strawberries taste like grapes
florida man goes vigilante and faces off against corrupt key west jewelry stores
florida man accused of driving into gop voter registration tent pleads not guilty
florida man sentenced for abusing dog who later became  deputy chance 
vice president pence visited school where florida man - a student - is under coronavirus quarantine
florida man finds trove of treasures from 1715 shipwreck
florida man gets 5+ years in prison for harassing parkland victims
florida man throws toilet through window, is arrested while sitting on one
florida man claims syringes found in his rectum aren't his
florida man arrested for telling children where babies come from
florida man dropped his pants and mooned everyone inside the restaurant
sly florida man driving 20 mph over the speed limit on deserted highway tells cops he was 'just going with the flow of traffic' yet no other cars were on the road.
florida man might have the coronavirus
florida man dies in a suitcase. girlfriend says they were playing  hide n go seek  but recordings on her phone show evidence that she was getting revenge for cheating on her.
florida man - who is black - drives around with the nazi flag, southern flag and the n-word plastered all over the back of his truck.
florida man and florida women test positive for coronavirus
florida man creates ghostly white strawberries in lab
florida man with terrible driving record, criminal history and suspended license persuades two car dealerships to let him test drive brand new cars, which he then decides to keep for himself
explore a database of the most popular florida man headlines
florida man known as  hot dogs for hope minister  arrested on sexual battery and lewd conduct charges
florida man sentenced to probation after taping dog's mouth shut
florida man facing felony charges for allegedly stealing $20 trash can, flooding neighbor's home with water hose
florida man tries to rob wendy's with an alligator
explore a database of the most popular  florida man  headlines
florida man fought with heavy metal and an american flag to face a hurricane.
florida man dumps cow manure over someone s head
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortoise nest to hide from police.
florida man threatens to shoot neighbor over yard damage  i ll shoot that mother fucker 
florida man leaves kids at home to meet up with 14 year old.
florida man judged mentally incompetent in killing of mother with baseball bat
florida man arrested for using cough as weapon
florida man shows ihop patrons his penis
florida man shows ihop patrons his genitals condoms
florida man found rolling naked in muddy ditch, wards off two tazers and bites police dog.
florida man arrested on the same day he's released from prison after gun and bullets found in car he was riding in
florida man throws 8 molotov cocktails at department of children and families building after kids are taken away, police say
florida man upset at nurses sets fire to hospital bed
florida man in china during coronavirus outbreak
florida man can't find a home for his swingers club
florida man, nude and covered in mud, arrested for biting police dog
florida man caught with a bag full of drugs
florida man drunk on moonshine with no hat taser by cops while ordering them to "protect (his) cowboy hat.
florida man arrested the same day he's released from prison.
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortious nest to hide from police, found 'throwing dirt on himself'
cop arrests dangerous 6 year old florida man.
florida man accused of dumping bucket of cow manure on victim at dairy farm in crystal springs
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortoise nest to hide from police, found "throwing dirt on himself"
florida man denies sucking hospital patient's toes
florida woman is accused of zipping florida man into suitcase for hours, killing him
florida man sucks sleeping elderly woman s toes in hospital
florida man gets corvette repossessed
florida man driving bitchin' camaro says hey man, i got a bunch of blow in this car, i'm gonna go ahead and blast off at 120 mph over this bumpy ass bridge, no one will ever see me, wait whew whew whew aw shit.
florida man arrested for sucking toes!
florida man to walk across a live volcano
florida police department targets florida man with offers to test your recreational drugs for coronavirus
well, that's one way to tickle a funny bone, florida man; florida man steals hearse with body in it, from in front of church, then crashes hearse in wild police chase
florida man arrested for sucking elderly patients toes.
florida man, upset at nurses, sets fire to hospital bed
florida man set fire to his hospital bed in an attempt to get the attention of nurses because he felt that they were ignoring him.
florida man is after your toes
6 year old "florida man" arrested for throwing a temper tantrum.
6 year old "florida man" arrested for throwing a temper tantrum.
florida man and pastor who claimed to cure zika now says he will cure florida of coronavirus
entitled florida man blocks only highway in and out of the keys for crappy car pictures
gop lawmaker shuts down 'florida man' for calling lgbt people pedophiles
florida man was arrested yesterday on a felony battery charge after allegedly dumping a bucket of cow manure over the head of a victim, police report.
florida man arrested for cow manure battery
video: florida man arrested after tackling deacon during saturday mass
florida man stumbles on biggest prime number after working plucky i5 cpu for 12 days straight
florida man tackles deacon during saturday evening mass
florida woman kills florida man in suitcase
florida man wants to show everyone his junk at ihop
florida man dies after woman zips him inside suitcase
florida man: felony charges handed down to taylor county students who circulated picture of gun pointed at black student
florida man is dead. rip.
florida man sucks patients toes
florida man drives his jaguar around town with a needle in his arm
florida man arrested the same day he's released from prison
drone video shows florida man harassing group of manatees
florida man accused of killing his wife and three kids will face the death penalty
florida man arrested after raping crying spongebob
florida man dies inside suitcase while  playing a game  with girlfriend
exhausted florida man foils own bulgary by napping on porch after prying door
florida man foils own burglary after cat- napping on porch after prying door open
florida man wants $20k to build his wind powered car of the future and break the 1st law of thermodynamics.
florida man couple given bloody doughnuts at a florida dunkin  doughnuts.
florida man and democrat sue bernie sanders to keep him off the ballot
florida man uses ax to bust through front door, gets shot by off-duty orange county deputy in home
corona virus: florida man arrested for robbery using cough as a weapon
florida man - an orlando police officer - caught on body cam bragging about his arrest of 6-year-old crying girl
florida man - an orlando police officer - in dramatic body cam video as he arrests crying 6-year-old girl, then brags about it
florida man gets tickets &amp; tolls, finds lingerie in jeep after it was in repair shop
video shows florida man tackling deacon during saturday evening mass at florida church
florida man tackles church deacon during weekend mass
florida man who invented 'taco sausages' opens maga coffee shop with full-size oval office replica
florida man senator s anti-bernie rant may have violated florida's law against texting while driving
florida man arrests a crying six-year-old girl.
florida man and police officer arrests crying, 6-year-old girl.
florida man sets hospital bed on fire to get nurse s attention, police say
florida man wants attention, sets bed on fire
the florida man jackpot
obese florida man arrested after being caught with meth stuffed deep inside his belly button, admits he was "being dumb"
florida man arrested after allegedly  offering to show his genitals  to  everyone  at ihop
florida man's dialysis center won t allow his life-size trump cutout, so this man refuses to go
florida man 25/2
florida man leaves bar, runs over girlfriend, returns to bar, deputies say
florida man is a hero today!!
florida man is a hero!
florida man threatens neighbor over yard damage: "i ll shoot that motherf ker"
florida man refuses to attend hospital if he can t bring life size trump cut-out
florida man shoplifting suspect accused of shoving meat down his pants then stripping naked before being tased in the genitals by police
florida man shoots dog walker in leg, then steals dog, police say
florida man is 105 and enjoys dinner with his girlfriend and chicken foot soup
florida man arrested after running over, killing girlfriend on i-75
florida man arrested for loitering in neighborhood says he was checking security systems for president donald trump
florida man left wallet with 4000 dollars in cash at dollar tree because he was looking for toothpaste. to no one's surprise, it got stolen by florida woman.
florida man left wallet with 4000 dollars in cash at dollar because he was looking for toothpaste. to no one's surprise, it got stolen.
florida man fatally shoots himself playing with his gun while waiting for a haircut.
by the very act of becoming a florida man, a former pennsylvania man became a felon
by the very act of becoming a florida man, a former penssylvania man became a felon.
florida man arrested for tranquilizing and raping alligators in everglades
florida man uses a private plane to draw something over florida
florida man and his florida gf are left  reeling and disgusted  after they find their dunkin  doughnut is covered in blood
florida man convinces people from all over the country to fedex tens of thousands of dollars in cash to his motel room to get a virus off their computers
florida man diagnosed with leprosy after contact with armadillo
florida man waiting for haircut fatally shoots himself while playing with gun
florida man wears f*ck the police shirt to court, and wins the case.
florida man waiting for haircut fatally shot himself while playing with gun
hallucinating florida man swings sledgehammer at 'demons,' damaging several homes, including his own
i searched my birthday with florida man and got this
florida man breaks into medical marijuana dispensary at exactly 4:20 a.m.
florida man murders another man in his car, caught on dashcam.
florida man upset he can't bring cutout of donald trump to dialysis
florida man assults his mother with potato soup
florida man fatally shot himself while playing with gun
shirtless florida man had toddler tucked between his legs on a motorcycle.
florida man dressed as fred flintstone pulled over for driving  footmobile 
florida man pulls gun and says, "i'll kill anybody in here!" after he was honked at in the burger king drive-thru
so, i did this thing about searching for "florida man" and then your birthdate, and look at this thing...
florida man sets fire to own house, trapping himself inside
florida man test drives the new mid-engined corvette c8!!!
florida man arrested for pulling gun on escort. "she was touching everything in my house but my dick"
florida man arrested for threatened "sugar daddy" escort..."she touched everything in my house but my d**k"
florida man has complete normal day
florida man arrested after allegedly 'pleasuring himself' in neighbor's yard, passing out on porch
florida man gets year in jail for molesting grand haven-area teen
florida man arrested for trying to  barbecue  pedophiles
florida man, a spokesman for miami mayor, forcefully kissed and sent penis picture to child
florida man had toddler tucked between his legs on motorcycle
florida man enjoys taste of goats also ran for office, but lets focus on the goat blood here
florida man sues pete buttigieg, elizabeth warren over trayvon martin birthday tweets
florida man arrested in montana after 78 pounds of meth were found in his rental car.
florida man victim of red flag laws in case of mistaken identity
florida man calls police department to report being shot at by man he robbed, stabbed
florida man sy sperling - hair club for men founder - passes away at 78
florida man arrested for having 78 pounds of meth in van
florida man buys 30k electric motorcycle to do burn outs.
florida man told he can't bring life-size trump cutout to dialysis for emotional support
florida man named love gets in shootout with ex s boyfriend on valentine s day, police say
florida man discovered with jars of human tongues under his home.
florida man charged after 78 pounds of meth found in van.
florida man arguing with wife on valentine's day derails marc maron standup set
florida man opens right-wing coffee shop called 'conservative grounds' so people can congregate "without the scourge of liberalism 
florida man is real
florida man sues warren and buttigieg, claims they branded him as racist in trayvon martin tribute to garner black votes.
florida man, machete, and bathroom manners.
florida man found grenade while fishing and then took the explosive to taco bell
florida man lawyer covered in molasses had clothes ripped off by roaming hogs
florida man thought tire blowout was a gun shot at him. calls police and is arrested for having marijuana &amp; a large sum of cash in a diaper package.
florida man lands his car on top of two others
florida man at center of trump boat parade enjoying his day in the sun ... and on the water
florida man is doing some good for a change
florida man is doing some good
florida man dressed as grim reaper haunts florida beaches to protest there reopen
florida man decides to create a car out of cannabis.
there is no pandemic,  florida man yells, with countless vulgarities interspersed throughout his rant.  you re terrorists. you re in violation of my constitutional and civil rights. 
florida man - get ready for trials...
i didn t know reigen was a florida man...
florida man backs cadillac into, and on top of two parked cars
florida man stopped from shopping at miami beach publix for not wearing mask goes on explicit rant
putting florida man in a headlock
florida man backs up onto two parked cars in bank parking lot
florida man offers to fix florida unemployment system for free
florida man falls out of vehicle, crashes into building
florida man steals gator meat, tuna steaks, gets busted by tattoos,  gators  plate, wife
joel michael singer held down after headbutting man at florida restaurant
leaked photos of florida man sheriff at a swingers party.
leaked photos of florida man sheriff at swingers party.
florida man jumps into canal to avoid arrest, gets arrested on other side of canal
half-naked florida man sheriff, topless wife photographed indulging in foursome at couple-swapping party
deputies: deltona resident finds naked florida man in pool enclosure
florida man says he led an attempt to overthrow the government of venezuela
florida man tries to get a video he doesnt own taken down after being a douchebag
florida man with ar-15 shoots neighbor while attempting to make citizens arrest.
florida man arrested after shooting neighbor while attempting to make citizens arrest
florida man arrested while wearing dinosaur costume and holding air soft gun
florida man breaks into home to make breakfast, then tells the homeowner "go back to sleep"
florida man shoots ar-15 at dirt bikers who were  tormenting the neighborhood,  says he's doing it to 'raise awareness'
ex-green beret (florida man) attempts bay of pigs 2: electric boogaloo
florida man joel singer
florida man fights the law (again) and the law wins (again). with guest appearances by florida woman and florida child.
florida man throws crack pipe out window, hitting police officer in the head
florida man headbutts and punches staff in violent rampage
is it true florida man found these hornets attacking honey bee hives?   (turns out it was fake news)...i think
florida man tries to use federal aid to hire travel bloggers to promote his resort
florida man arrested for attempted overthrow of venezuelan government
florida man opn first day of floridada reopen. (citrus county, florida) [twitter]
florida man driver damages parked cars after hopping curb in citrus county [more pics in comments.]
florida man dressed as dinosaur arrested with airsoft rifle
florida man camped on disney world island at shuttered park
florida man camps at disney thinking its a tropical paradise
florida man quarantines himself on disney island. arrested
florida man sheriff shot, killed man when he was 14
florida man being the a sheriff of broward county!
with close to 37,000 patients: businesses across florida man are reopening
florida man avoided friend for a year after borrowing his $60,000 jaguar and pawning it
florida man left son at side of highway because he might be homosexual: police - gruntstuff
florida man finally gets it right
florida man headbutts another for no good reason, goes on dmca'ing spree against video recording to buy his way out of infamy
florida man backs his car onto two parked vehicles
florida man dresses as fat jesus to help kids scarred by florida man beach grim reaper
florida man abducts scientist to make his dog immortal
florida man picked by gop governor to be broward sheriff admits to fatal shooting as a teen
florida man throws urine on prosecutor during sentencing hearing in fort lauderdale
florida man stalks beach as grim reaper to protest reopening amid pandemic
florida man arrested while trying to quarantine on shuttered disney island
florida man takes free food from school nutrition program meant for students, sells it for profit
florida man labels boat  trump  after blocked from flying trump flag on dock
florida man arrested for camping at walt disney world s abandoned discovery island the fortysomething camper had been planning to stay for the week
florida man camps i m abandoned disney island
florida man claimed guns found in car belonged to his cousin... 'john wick'
florida man dressed as grim reaper to protest reopening
florida man dresses up as the grim reaper at a beach
florida man dresses up as grim reaper
florida man dresses as grim reaper to protest opening florida beaches to early.
florida man who was found with guns told cops they belonged to john wick
florida man luke bryan's bar defies state orders, holds karaoke night
florida man dresses as grim reaper walks florida beaches.
florida man from alabama found camping on abandoned island in disney park during lockdown, unaware he was trespassing.
florida man optimized. caught camping on disney s discovery island says it was  tropical paradise'
take our quiz now and find out just how well you know florida man"  
florida man caught camping at disney world on abandoned attraction
florida man arrested at walt disney world trying to quarentine on discovery island
florida man "completely forgot" he had a bunch of human tongues in his crawl space
florida man charged in sex assault allegedly abducted, drugged, beat victim in camper
a florida man told cops he found a naked stranger in his bed:  it wasn t pleasant 
florida man is ready for the state to reopen
florida man claims guns found in suv belonged to 'john wick'
florida teen becomes a florida man
florida man had enough fentanyl to kill half a million people
florida man and florida woman flee from a buffalo charging their daughter who is flipped into the air and performs a complete backflip
florida man walks around beaches dressed as grim reaper to protest re-opening of public beaches
florida man finds largest known prime number
florida man takes to beaches dressed as grim reaper to protest their reopening
florida man protests beach opening dressed up like the grim reaper
florida man doesn't get 'quarantine'.
finally, a florida man i can be proud of
florida man found camping on deserted disney world island
florida man (miami professor) shares screen with  college girl  porn bookmark, gets fired
florida man (um professor) fired after tiktok of pornographic bookmark goes viral
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin 'john wick'
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin john wick
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin  john wick  
florida man profiting off reopen nc movement
florida man arrested after botched home castration on man he met via dark web eunuch fetish site
florida man arrested after allegedly performing botched castration surgery
florida man chases burglars at gunpoint after finding them curled up, snacking on his couch
police suspicious after florida man wipes his butt with toilet paper that came away clean
florida man claims gun found in car belongs to his cousin, john wick.
florida man is suggested to have used a turn of phrase well beyond his comprehension.
florida man cop uses taser on florida woman fianc e at her request, then gets suspended after she snitches on him after they break up
sec alleges south florida man misled investors over coronavirus mask sales
florida man, attacks again
florida man blames john wick for guns found in his car
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to  john wick 
florida man arrested for dui twice in one week
florida man tries to blame a weapons bust on john wick, the assassin played by keanu reeves in movie
florida man who was busted with guns in his car told cops his cousin 'john wick' was to blame
florida man honors state's reputation by twerking in court
florida man helps return $20k after customer loses cash
florida man busted for weapons, blames john wick
we found the foot fetish florida man
florida man blames guns found in car on 'john wick'
florida man dressed as the grim reaper is warning beachgoers to stay 6 feet apart
florida man catches 33-inch fish using publix fried chicken as bait
police: florida man dragged dog tied to golf cart, killing it
florida man engages in last minute maneuvers to become judge without an election
i present to you the ultimate florida man, danny duncan
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin "john wick"
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin john wick
oh florida man
florida man governor calls florida  god s waiting room  for seniors
florida man gets accepted at all 8 ivy league schools
florida man facing 11 charges after allegedly committing 3 crimes in one day
florida man arrested for putting laxatives into teen s daily medication
florida man accepted to all 8 ivy-league schools
florida man accepted into all 8 ivy league schools
florida man calls state  god s waiting room 
florida man calls florida  god s waiting room  amid deadly coronavirus
florida man facing 12 charges after allegedly committing 3 crimes in one day
florida man threatened noisy four-wheelers with shotgun, deputies say
florida man drives on beach because he was bored.
florida man accused of making bomb threat to avoid work.
florida man works in mysterious ways - no homicide in miami in 7 weeks, biggest streak since 1957
florida man spends investors money on strippers, cars
florida man cons the nation into injecting bleach
florida man made bomb threat to avoid work
florida man called in a bomb threat to avoid work
florida man  having a bad day  at work, calls in bomb threat, deputies say
new florida man tom brady walks into complete stranger's kitchen thinking it was his coach's house
florida man buys 203 url's to demand reopening businesses
moonshine-drinking florida man who threatened deputy jailed again on dui and resisting arrest charges
florida man accused of beheading cat, putting head on stick in yard
florida man claims uv light can be brought inside the body to kill coronavirus
florida man becomes a champion of the people
florida man plans to stalk newly reopened beaches dressed as the grim reaper
florida man shoots at firefighters from inside burning home
in clash over food giveaway, florida man pastor arrested after punching florida man rotary club president
florida man pastor accused of punching donor, 70, at food distribution event in opa-locka
florida man 1 sells florida man 2 on a bleach cure for coronavirus, florida man 2 is donald trump and you know the rest
wholesome florida man
florida man accused of spitting on cop, claimed had coronavirus
florida man decapitates family cat, displays head on stick in home backyard
florida man arrested for aiming bb gun at golfers.
florida man encases arms with cement to protest the virus
florida man fails at self-quarantine
florida man attacks elderly roommate who woke him up for breakfast, deputies say
florida man (transplanted) thomas brady enters stranger s home without knocking on door, mistakes offensive coordinator for buccaneers home with neighbor
john cougar downey jr - florida man
florida man will zoom bomb your work meeting with a farm animal for money
florida man tries to run over son who wouldn t take bath, deputies say
meta] what should the icon be for this, our florida man sub? (mod approved, possible prizes for best entry or design)
florida wo(man) explaining jacksonville don't have to worry about the virus.
florida man trying so hard!
florida man, 70, knocked out after bringing food donations to church, police say
new florida man tom brady accidentally trespasses and breaks into a strangers home.
florida man &amp; lawyer in trouble for taking off pants in the courthouse   i m sorry, i thought this was america
together, jerry : florida man and florida woman, married 64 years, die within hours of each other
florida man puts fake covid-19 warning on door to try to avoid warrant arrest
florida man walks into wrong home
a florida man bought anti-quarantine site names to try to troll conservatives. now he s out $4,000 and the target of a harassment campaign.
florida man claims he predicted covid-19 at his church, shakes down poor congregants for money. oh, and he's the vice mayor of the city.
florida man, an ex-con arrested for allegedly hitting and choking his girlfriend told cops that he was not actually attacking the woman, but rather demonstrating "how i was previousy arrested for domestic battery"
broward judge denies release of florida man, an inmate sickened with covid-19, a novel coronavirus
florida man builds home-made airplane, crashes it in missouri
florida man lyfts uber, rescues officer
florida man lyfts uber, rescues state trooper
florida man couldn t wait and just had to smoke a cigarette in the er.
florida man claims to have covid-19, threatens to bite hotel employees, kicks police
florida man wants to show jury his penis to prove that his girlfriend choked to death during oral.
florida man sues governor ron desantis and hillsborough county over emergency orders
brand new florida man tom brady was thrown out of park by a tampa recreation worker
florida man - a teacher - accused of calling kids  brat  and  dummy  faces firing
florida man uses 2 way radio illegally, also made a human trafficking ring.
florida man spotted working out in a closed tampa bay downtown park and employee kicked him out. the man was new buccaneers qb tom brady.
florida man seeks to "flatten the curve", reopens beaches leading to thousands of new coronavirus cases
florida man: tom brady 'cited' for working out in park closed because of coronavirus
florida man decides to buy a domain name, or two, ends up astroturfing entire  reopen  campaign.
florida man tried to use fake  covid-19  sign to dodge arrest
florida man selling masks made from python, alligator skin amid coronavirus outbreak
florida man crafting masks made from python and alligator skin
lawyer son, a white nationalist florida man, arrested 2 days after lawyer dad was accused of pimping
florida-man sues china for $4 trillion over virus.
florida man vs. florida woman: first they divorced, now they re running against each othe r for broward clerk of courts
florida man vs. florida woman: first they divorced, now they re running against each other for broward clerk of courts
deputies: florida man charged for pointing bb gun at golfers
florida man allegedly drops pants inside tj maxx
florida man encases self in concrete at governor's mansion
florida man arrested for emptying septic tank into boss s pool, takes swim in poop pool
florida man puts on a mask
florida man drops sick beat titled  free joe exotic ; seemingly does not support florida woman
florida man who got 3 million views for pretending to pee and poop on people in public arrested for attacking a woman out for a jog
florida man politician mocks unemployed constituent for not having a job during coronavirus pandamic
florida man opens beaches but closes schools during coronavirus pandemic
florida man blows a .339 blood alcohol level and gets a dui on a golf cart
u.s. news florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
florida man, the governor of florida wears face mask the wrong way while encouraging people to go outside.
florida man calling himself "the beast" gouges eyes of armed home intruder.
pn homicide suspect arrested in fl during covid beach sweep (florida man is his spirit animal)
only florida man: two jupiter florida men charged with dui at same time, driving same suv
florida man: miami police chief says he s tested positive for covid-19.  my symptoms are mild. 
florida man (the governor) showing how not to put on an n95 mask.
florida man shot, hospitalized after dispute over unleashed dog, police say
florida man (governor ron desantis) puts on coronavirus covid-19 protection mask wrong during press conference
florida man encased himself in concrete to protest coronavirus
florida man buys haunted california ghost town, gets trapped there for month by snowstorm
not florida man but a competitor
florida woman catches florida man on camera running naked in cape coral
florida man caught selling cure for the novel coronavirus
florida man donates plasma to doctor with covid-19
florida man arrested for a second time for impersonating a police officer
florida man decides playing yu-gi-oh! is an essential business, gets arrested
florida man loses his shit and writes bad book titles
florida man arrested after threatening to shoot unmasked people in publix grocery stores
florida man arrested outside governor s mansion after trapping himself in concrete-filled barrels
florida man decides to reopen beaches and parks for "essential activities" such as surfing and hiking
florida man (attorney) scolded by judge to wear a shirt for zoom hearings
stand your ground' law frees florida man after shooting deputies trying to arrest his prostitue daughter
florida man decides to reopen florida beaches starting tonight
florida man charged by cftc for $1.6 million ponzi scheme
florida man - singer jake miller - is quarantined and is speaking out about it on tiktok
florida man jailed during coronavirus crisis, gets felony charge over $36 in drinks
florida man arrested for stealing from walmart while trying to conceal his face with underwear
florida man hides face with underwear while stealing electronics from walmart
florida man opens beaches in the middle of a pandemic
florida man to reopen beaches during global pandemic and quarantine
florida man calls his arrest over keeping open gaming business a  show of hubris  by pinellas sheriff
florida man encases self in concrete at governor s mansion, protests prison conditions
florida man encases himself in concert to protest
authorities say florida man threatened mass shooting over lack of masks worn at grocery store
florida man: doctor who was handcuffed in front of his kids says he was profiled while volunteering
florida man falls asleep during live stream drag performance, raises hundreds of dollars
florida man passes out drunk during live-streamed drag performance, raises hundreds of dollars
florida man : al capone first trailer: tom hardy's notorious gangster is diseased but deadly in florida
florida man attends online hearing shirtless
florida man sheriff delayed issuing hand sanitizer to his troops in order to have customized logos with his name on it put on the bottles
florida man attorney appears at video hearings shirtless and in bed
florida man released from prison over covid-19 fears is later arrested for murder
florida man loses 40 pounds in 4 weeks. all he had to do was go bowling during a pandemic.
florida man placed fake pizza orders in nj, wished coronavirus on italians
when florida man is also kyle
florida man strikes again, now has child trying to reason with him.
florida man strikes again, while a child is trying to reason with him
the legend of florida man animated comedy video
florida man accused of murdering estranged wife pretended she was dying from coronavirus
florida man freed amid coronavirus concerns committed murder one day after release
florida man used coronavirus quarantine rules to cover up his wife's murder, police say
florida man placed fake pizza orders in nj
florida man governor explains why sporting events are needed now: "i mean, we are watching reruns from like the early 2000s. 
florida man busted in murder of teen during botched yeezy sneaker deal
hopeful pot lawyer loses his shit. also my brother-in-law s lawyer lol this florida man adventure is too close for comfort.  i don t get it he was so sweet  they said.
florida man is a successful lobbyist
florida man and his law firm file class action lawsuit against china over sars-cov-2
you heard about florida man, this one is florida women passed out in a chilis s parking lot after her florida man left her there!
florida man gynecologist arrested for stealing trump 2020 flag from neighbor
florida man accused of threatening ex's life over food stamps card
florida man attorney doesn't wear shirt in zoom court hearing
florida man bailed out after impersonating an officer arrested again for allegedly using fake badge to avoid $2 toll charge
florida man jailed twice in one week for impersonating an officer
florida man charged with murder after wife disappears
florida man governor deems wwe an essential business in florida, allows them to remain open.
florida man charged with murder after wife disappears amid suspicious coronavirus messages
florida man deems pro wrestling essential
florida man can watch wwe, cause it is in essential business during the crisis
youtube prankster with over 10 million followers arrested after attack on florida man
florida man - an inmate - refused to take off a protective mask. he was handcuffed, punished.
florida man mayor deems wwe to be "essential business" so pro wrestling can resume live shows
florida man deems wwe 'essential business' (spoiler: man is florida gov. ron desantis)
thought it was about time for a wholesome florida man post in this community: florida man buys $20,000 bottle of bourbon for $40,000 to help struggling restaurant stay afloat
florida man helps struggling restaurant stay afloat after buying $20,000 bottle of bourbon for $40,000
florida man lawyers had to be reminded to wear shirts during virtual court appearances
morbidly obese' florida man sues restaurants
florida man could potentially get a job - amazon hires over 7,000 florida employees during coronavirus pandemic
florida man, governor, declares professional wrastling essential business amid world wide pandemic
florida man gets arrested in connection with a homicide less than a month after being released due to covid19
florida man, the governor, has a ba (history) from yale, jd from harvard in 2005.
florida man pays $40,000 for $20,000 bottle of bourbon
florida man blames his deputy's covid-19 death on "homosexual events"
florida man police chief asserts deputy died from corona because he was gay to make other deputies think their exposure was limited. placed on leave
florida man pays $40k for $20k bottle of bourbon to keep restaurant afloat
florida man accused of beating cellmate who asked for a "courtesy flush" to help with smell
florida man accused of beating cellmate who asked for a  courtesy flush  to help with smell
florida man don t like stinky toilets like everyone else i guess
florida man sanitizes delivery box to protect child with autoimmune disorder.
florida man-toilet smell
florida man accused of murdering his wife, using covid-19 as cover
florida man in polyamorous relationship, with three other men, charged with child abuse of child fathered by one of the other men
florida man deems wwe an essential business during pandemic shutdown
florida man arrested for cutting brake lines of over 140 bird scooters
florida man arrested for wife s disappearance due to coronavirus texts
florida man who hates italians made fake orders to nj pizzerias, cops say
florida man : what the governor of florida doesn't know about the coronavirus is a lot
florida man uses covid-19 to cover up his wife's murder.
florida man use this covid-19 to cover up his wife's murder.
florida man awakens from days-long coma, asks for taco bell
i hope you catch corona': florida man arrested after coughing on deputies, threatening to kill mom, deputies say
lake county florida man
deland florida man
florida man will make you a corona mask out of python skin.
florida man charged with nj pizza fraud over fake orders for first responders
florida woman spent last sunday night in jail for allegedly beating up a naked florida man
toilet-clogging florida man jailed after nasty spat with woman
florida man saves turtle from gators
florida man ends street fight by running them over
florida (wo)man in the easter spirit.
florida man arrested after exposing himself in mcdonald s drive thru, police say
florida governor man
head florida man falsely claims covid-19 hasn't killed anyone under 25
florida man (governor) considers reopening schools, claiming no one under 25 has died nationwide.
florida woman and her florida man dad hit with bat after social distancing warning
florida man arrested in connection to pizza-ordering scam in new jersey
florida: man claims it's his constitutional right to rape a donkey - shadowproof
florida man claims it's his constitutional right to rape a donkey - shadowproof
florida man completely botches coronavirus response for his state
florida man accused of murdering his wife, uses covid-19 as cover up.
florida man contemplated recruiting children for biological terrorism: bizarre plot to kill teachers, elderly grandparents, and more.
florida man runs to bermuda in a giant bubble
florida man tries to order a burrito at the bank.
florida man sues tiger woods for allegedly pushing him at tournament two years ago which he claims left him hospitalized
florida man faces federal charges after spitting on a police officer and claiming to have covid-19
florida man loses a toe after a bad break up
florida man (governor) wears one glove while touches face with other hand.
florida man arrested for intentionally coughing on a store employee
florida man thinks she doesn't have to pay her employees because of coronavirus. goes on rant.
florida man accused of stabbing dog
florida man shanks dog, then cooks it
hawaii mayor to arrested florida man: you re a  covidiot 
florida man who was accused of coughing on store worker says social distancing  out of hand 
florida man tries to defy hawaii s traveler quarantine; hawaii mayor calls him  covidiot. 
florida man wearing homemade coronavirus face mask robs publix
hawaii mayor to arrested florida man:  covidiot 
a florida man who drank a bottle of wine that he was unable to pay for at a winn-dixie then fled the store, ran a red light and caused a hit-and-run crash all with an 11-year-old girl in tow
man leaving easter eggs with porn in them in florida mailboxes
florida man sets up wrestling ring in front yard, hosts matches during a pandemic
florida man emt intentionally coughed on woman
florida man loses life savings on luckin coffee: pours scalding coffee on crotch in starbucks screaming profanities about fake chinese data
florida man accused of dui told police he might have coronavirus, palm bay police say
hawaii mayor: florida man flouting quarantine was  covidiot 
florida man spit on officer, claimed he had coronavirus. he doesn't. now, he faces a federal charge.
renowned florida man mails in absentee ballot after claiming that mail-in votes are corrupt
florida man catches 33-inch fish off florida coast using publix fried chicken as bait
wasetcase florida man movie
florida man attacked and killed by pet cassowaries becomes first human to die by the species since 1926
florida man attacked and killed by pet cassowaries. becomes first human killed by the species since 1926.
make "florida man" a netflix series
florida man films himself molesting his dog while wearing a dog costume
florida woman assaulted man with spaghettios
sounds accurate, florida man.
florida man inmate drops a deuce then drops his celly after an offensive remark about his odoriferous excrement
florida man accused of stabbing dog and putting it in hot oven, deputies say.
florida man steals car containing baby alligator, guns, and drugs
coronavirus tiger king parody from florida man
florida man creates florida social distancing scavenger hunt bingo card
florida man leads the race in coronavirus related crime tracked by the smoking gun - nearly 50% of us coronacrime
florida man batters cashier over social distancing beef
did florida man commit this tortoise-napping?
florida man is bored during quarantine.
florida man attacks ice cream truck
amid coronavirus fears, florida man assaults ice cream truck driver
florida man, 62, is deported as accomplice to the nazis - august 13th 1985
florida man brutalized, baked dog
florida man sues tv station for defamation for calling him a pastor, even though florida man admitted he is pastor
florida man "being chased by dinosaurs" shot by mother
florida man faked his own murder by tying a gun to a weather balloon
florida man  maintain at least one large alligator distance, florida county tells people in new post 
florida man found with guns, drugs, a stolen car, and a baby alligator
florida man and florida woman to pioneer much-needed covid-19 research by random-testing all of miami-dade county
florida man flashes online class
florida man arrested for stabbing, brutalizing, and baking dog in the oven
yet another florida man arrested by kauai police in hawaii for violating state's quarantine measures, and this time time he was also intoxicated and became belligerent with airport staff and police.
florida man strikes again.
florida man hoa president threatens nurse $1000 a day fine over  quarantine rv 
florida man dies from coronavirus after returning from cruise
florida man hangs giant toilet paper roll in front yard
florida man hangs giant roll of toilet paper in front yard
driver hits, kills florida man laying in road, fhp says
man exposes himself after hacking into online florida class
florida man exposes himself after hacking into online florida class
florida man loses insurance for holding church services during coronavirus outbreak
florida man trains pro wrestlers $2000 in a dingy, unmarked warehouse
florida man trains pro wrestlers for $2,000 in dingy, unmarked warehouse
florida man downloaded child porn as 'boredom killer,' deputies say.
florida man says he has been forced to quit his job after being bitten by the horror spider when he was staying in an airbnb between apartments.
florida man burns down forrest for gender reveal party
2 florida man steal corona beer from coconut creek cvs, tell workers they have  the virus 
florida man (he s from tampa) arrested in hawaii for breaking quarantine order
florida man zooms into virtual class during distance learning, exposes himself
florida man zooms himself into distance learning class and exposes himself
florida man with covid-19 spits on an officer's face
florida man wrestles alligators... literally.
florida man governor overrides county officials to allow church gatherings during corona virus lockdown
brand new florida man rents derek jeter's house
florida man made it to hawaii
florida man for violating 14-day quarantine
florida man in hawaii
kauai police arrest florida man 41.
florida man breaks into home, sucks on sleeping man's toes
nearly naked florida man breaks into school, smears feces and cake frosting everywhere
shoplifting florida man flees store, strips naked as steaks fall out of his pants
florida man who raised funds for border wall hawks millions of face masks
florida man forces inmates to eat tobacco
florida man hangs giant roll of toilet paper in front yard
florida man rep. rick scott wants world health organization investigated by congress
florida man delivers toilet paper to neighbor using drone
florida man coming down off meth realizes there's a global pandemic.
florida man sparks 10-acre fire at a gender reveal party mixed with explosives
the florida man
florida man makes video about florida man
florida man arrested after spraying local businesses with covid-19
florida man issues stay-at-home order after weeks of resistance
florida man is the first person arrested in hawaii for breaking quarantine order
florida man dies after getting coronavirus on costa luminosa | miami herald". he caught covid-19 on a cruise ship. his family had to say goodbye over speakerphone
florida man invents corona virus survival tool
florida man warning others after getting fake coronavirus stimulus check in mail "this is absolutely sickening."   thomas andrews
a florida man killed his girlfriend and her lover after bonding out of jail on a manslaughter charge   saying he  lost it  when he found them having sex in his florida home, according to cops.
florida man: pastor arrested for violating coronavirus rules after holding church services
florida man and pastor arrested for trying to give jesus and his flock coronavirus by being told about the stay-at-home order and still holding service.
florida man and pastor tries to give jesus and his flock corona virus by holding service despite the safer-at-home orders.
florida man found naked in car with teen he met on snapchat, deputies say
florida man abandons pet dog because he thought it could give him coronavirus
florida man leaves $10k tip as restaurants close due to coronavirus
florida man kills girlfriend, her lover after finding them having sex
florida man kills girlfriend, her lover after finding them having sex
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man sprays covid-19 on doors of business
florida man puts whole state at risk
popular netflix series prompts florida man sheriff to reopen 23 year old cold case
popular netflix series prompts florida man sheriff to reopen 23 year old cold case
florida man who happens to be the sheriff is a fan of joe exotic just like everyone else
florida man who's also a pastor claims toilet paper rolls will multiply if you just have faith
florida man asks for rent suspension!
florida man arrested for allegedly spraying liquid he claims to be coronavirus on people.
florida man "being chased by dinosaurs" shot by mother.
florida man u.s. senator says journalists have 'glee' about coronavirus deaths going up. he gets the shit he deserves about it.
florida man joins covid-19 s team
florida man admits to leaving dog, believing it could give him coronavirus
florida man arrested after spraying substance labeled  covid-19 
florida man runs 100 miles for covid-19 charity
florida man arrested after allegedly spraying substance on business doors, telling patrons they were now infected with coronavirus
florida man coughs on officer after saying he has coronavirus
florida man claimed to have coronavirus and coughed on police
florida man coughs on deputy, says he has coronavirus
florida man found naked in car with girl he met on social media app, deputies say
warrant issued for florida man at tampa area mega church - claims magical sneeze blasting device
on april 12th, 1986, the first florida man, a satelite dish operator hijacked the hbo network to protest high subscription prices.
florida man pastor arrested after he holds two jam-packed sunday services despite local order prohibiting large public gatherings during coronavirus
florida man pretends to spray covid-19 at local business
florida man/pastor faces charges for defying stay-at-home order with large services
florida man pastor arrested after he ignored quarantine and held church service for hundreds
here are the best florida woman and florida man memes ever
yikes! florida man please..
naked florida man (and florida woman) found wrestling in car outside clearwater mall
it's a lot like chinese water torture," tb to when florida man sued prison because of  the polar express 
florida man kills best for not sayin no homo after 10 hour anal session
florida man escorts mother duck, 12 ducklings safely back to lake
florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating cop
florida man megachurch packed with worshipers during coronavirus pandemic
florida man leaves son at police station because he thought he was gay.
florida man pastor claims he can cure coronavirus; megachurch packed with worshipers during pandemic
sheriff: florida man tells deputies he has the coronavirus then coughs on them
florida man arrested for trying to assault a mcdonalds worker over a straw
florida man  tiger king  joe exotic arrested in northwest florida in murder-for-hire plot
florida man freelancers | hire expert freelancers - peopleperhour
hire expert florida man freelancer . on peopleperhour
florida man with no arms or legs is armed and on the run
support the troops killing for anonymous corporations | florida man signs up for the army
florida man accused of stealing $800 worth of lingerie from dillard s
naked florida man, high on meth, bites k-9 canine: report
florida woman on meth arrested after nasty spat with man
naked florida man arrested after showing up at belleview home after being kicked out of his vehicle by his girlfriend
naked florida man nabbed while sexually pleasuring himself outside silver springs motel
florida man entertainer jailed after naked romp through front yard leads to violent altercation with florida woman who puts him in a headlock
florida man tips mover 1984 rolls royce
florida man jailed on charges of having sex with miniature pony
florida man sex offender charged with terrorizing family with knife on christmas
laundry basket-throwing florida man sex offender jailed after melee
florida man steals forklift, then uses forklift to smash into ross and steal conveyor belt, then gets caught coming back for more
florida man kills arizona ranger in the town of agua fria (texas red is florida man)
florida man goes table surfing while social distancing.
florida man says,  hold a blowdryer in front of your face  to cure coronavirus.
florida man (and woman) found wrestling naked in car outside clearwater mall
coronavirus: possibly infected florida man hacks on deputies deliberately
when florida man meets florida woman
florida man arrested for having child porn, molotov cocktails
florida man ate bag of drugs "pulled from his butt"
florida man steals truck, blames coronavirus: cops
please share your florida man stories on my post! i need to get as close to 10k as possible for my class project!
florida man accused of stealing $800 worth of lingerie from dillard s
florida man pastor says he'll keep church open during coronavirus outbreak, claims to have most sterile building in america
florida man, age 40, becomes first covid-19 related death in miami-dade county.
u.s. believes florida man - ex-fbi agent bob levinson - died while being held hostage in iran
florida man visits washington
florida man leaves $10,000 tip at restaurant, says " i want each person in this restaurant to get 500 dollars"
florida man (or woman) whose the manager of a chili's asks servers to come in and clean, then fires them
florida man (or woman) who's the manager of an airport chili's asks servers to come in and clean during coronavirus scare, then fires them
florida man tries to make recreational drugs great again with donald trump's face and name printed on mdma tablets
florida man really stole an entire driveway
florida man robs cvs store with hatchet, police say
florida man lands in jail for allegedly cutting down fence he thought belonged to someone else
florida man arrested twice in two days for impersonating an officer
florida man "violently" punches gas pumps, car wash drive thru and trees after argument with girlfriend
coronavirus: florida man - acclaimed playwright terrence mcnally - dies in sarasota of covid-19 complications
florida man tried to escape cops by stripping naked. ribeyes fell out of his pants.
florida man credits trump, not doctors, for corona recovery.
florida man play shirts vs. skins soccer during a pandemic
florida man doesn't understand why anyone would need so much toilet paper 'unless you have a really big butt.'
florida man: miami-dade reaches 400 cases; state total over 1,600
florida man (the governor)  working overtime to preserve our status as the world s leading exporter of political comedy. 
florida man found in miami hotel room with crystal meth - andrew gillum, democratic candidate for florida governor, was involved in a suspected crystal meth incident at a miami beach hotel on friday morning.
ok thoughts? are these the best florida man memes or not?
florida man took tip jar after being denied free drink at sub shop
we all know it's true, thanks florida man
not sure if you guys have seen this yet or not. this is a great explanation of the florida man from the show big mouth on netflix.
florida man suggests using blow drier to kill off corona virus with 2nd degree burn temps. florida man is a city council member at a public meeting.
florida man beats corona virus
florida man and politician warns that there's a lot of baloney online and promptly reports that burning your nose with a hairdryer can kill the coronavirus according to "the new fox news."
florida man is arrested again for impersonating a police officer twice.
florida man attacks pregnant woman. the mugshot is classic florida man
florida man arrested, charged with stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man - (commissioner of okeechobee county, florida ) suggested how to kill the coronavirus by taking a blow dryer, hold it up to your face and inhale. keeping it real in florida-
intoxicated florida man relieves himself on police car bumper
exuse me... he shoved a what in his pants!? but not a gator? florida man why?
florida man why not a gator?
florida man who was peeing all over room attacks good samaritan who tried to stop him
florida man arrested for stealing toilet paper from hotel
florida man arrested twice in 2 days for impersonating police officer
florida man advises to cure coronavirus with hairdryer up nose
classic florida man
florida man gets probation for taping dog's mouth shut
florida man with coronavirus says drug touted by trump saved his life
florida man county commissioner: i m  sorry  for saying hair dryers cure covid-19
florida man beats coronavirus
florida man arrested in 35-year-old cold case murder thanks to dna on cigarette
florida man arrested during traffic stop and found to be naked with string tied to his genitals
florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating officer
florida man accused of showing his genitals charged with making box-cutter threat
florida man cop charged with sending photo of his genitals to a undercover fbi agent
on a lighter note, florida man is feeling better after a new drug combo helps him through enduring the coronavirus.
death threats against 3 different judges gets florida man arrested 3 times in the same week, all while he was out on probation after defending himself against drug charges
florida man is reassuring as about the effectiveness of the drug proposed by trump to deal with corona virus...we should all listen to florida man and doctor d.j trump in this case.....lol.
florida man with coronavirus says drug touted by trump saved his life
florida man okeechobee county commissioner bryant culpepper, apologizes after claiming that blowing a hair dryer up your nose kills the coronavirus
florida man - governor ron desantis - orders 2-week self-quarantine of new york visitors
i m not going to lie, it s cocaine:  florida man tries to eat stolen debit card.
a florida woman was arrested and charged with aggravated assault with intent to kill after she reportedly "farted loudly" in a dollar store, and then pulled a knife on a man that complained
florida man arrested for stealing hotel toilet paper
florida man gets arrested then holds jail staff hostage with gun cops failed to find
florida man arrested for stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper
florida man commissioner humiliates florida woman mayor during emergency meeting for her inaction during the coronavirus outbreak
florida man who parties during spring break could be  super-spreader  of covid-19 coronavirus
angry florida man jumps into lagoon
florida man official recommends blow dryer at your face to combat coronavirus; don t do that
florida man, who is also a county commissioner, uses public meeting to recommend blowing a hairdryer up your nose to "kill" coronavirus
florida man tries to do the right thing and calls out lack of action from florida leader to help save people without electricity!
florida man molest woman claiming his touch can prevent cancer
florida man arrested for stealing 66 toilet paper rolls
florida man arrested for stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper
my friend just released his first single  florida man  based off stories from this thread. let s help him go viral   
florida man arrested for felony theft of 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel amidst coronavirus
florida man assaulted pregnant woman because he thought she has the coronavirus
florida man attacked pregnant woman because he thought she has coronavirus
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man turns booze into hand sanitizer and gives it away for free
florida man public freak out during commissioner meeting
florida man - who weighs 450lbs- hide marijuana is stomach
florida man who weighs 450lbs - hides marijuana in stomach fat
who are you florida man?
who are you florida man/woman? you re a legend
florida man takes off pants after crashing into car
florida man, he isn't afraid of any coronavirus outside, anyway, he only drinks bud light.
florida man accused of beating pregnant woman he thought was infected with coronavirus
florida man pleads not guilty after 78-pound meth seizure
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from orlando hotel
florida man arrested in 1985 killing of young mother after dna found on cigarette
florida man used mcdouble burger and vaping pen as weapons during domestic attack
florida man brady sluder said,  if i get infected by a coronavirus, i get infected, i am not going to allow it to restrict me from partying. 
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, immediately admits to police he's carrying cocaine
florida man who hired hitmen to kill rival zookeeper now a netflix docuseries
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, immediately admits to police he's carrying cocaine
florida man puts entire state at risk for covid
florida man arrested for tossing gator into wendys
florida man arrested with more than 100 penises in jars
florida man attacks pregnant woman he thinks has coronavirus
florida man has $1,200 worth of smoke shop merchandise destroyed by wandering chicken
florida man beats a 6-months pregnant woman because he thought that she had covid-19
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed 'olaf' at target
florida man charged with stealing $1 roll of toilet paper is held on $5000 bond
florida man flies drone with hanging toilet paper
florida man - in wake of wild spring break scenes, miami closes beaches
florida man awarded $37,500 after cops mistake glazed doughnut crumbs for meth
florida man votes for joe biden during pandemic
florida man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda
florida: man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda
florida man crashed his car into woman and girl. that s when he got naked, cops say
florida man will be much less active for 30 days as every bar in florida has closed.
donald trump spreads unproven claim that florida man was involved in  sex orgy 
florida man beats pregnant woman he believed to have covid-19
florida man in politics: beaches not ordered to close amid pandemic
florida man would drive a racing go kart to buy beer.
florida congressman "typhoid mario", and therefore a florida man, becomes first federal lawmaker to test positive for coronavirus
florida man first member of congress to test positive for corona virus.
florida man is the first congressman to announce testing positive for coronavirus
florida man buying up all the guns!
florida man stocks up on beer for the corona virus
florida man in public office suggests first responders "take one for the team" and get coronavirus to build immunity
florida man goes to beach: packed beaches remain open despite covid-19 concerns
florida man still throwing a st pattys block party at local bars
florida man convicted of manslaughter for fatal punch
young florida man and a beehive
young florida man and bees
florida man who was peeing all over room attacks good samaritan who tried to stop him, police say
florida man arrested for impersonating an officer just days after going to jail for the same crime, deputies say
florida man refuses to shut down beaches amid spread of coronavirus
florida man arrested after punching atm for "giving him too much money"
florida man used anglerfish stomach to masturbate ends up in hospital
florida man travels through time
florida man who was lieutenant governor complains to coloradans that his ski vacation was ruined due to coronavirus cancellations. this did not go over well.
deja vu florida man: florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer cops days after he was released from jail for the same crime!
deja vu florida man: florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer days after he was released from jail for the same crime!
dumb and dumber: florida man offered fellow florida man a free iphone if he came to pick him up again. he did, and promptly got carjacked. he did not get the phone.
florida man bites his brother s penis off after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket
blood &amp; feces found on florida man gubernatorial candidate's hotel bed
florida man talks crazy
florida man raps
florida man ice rink manager accused of taking 'upskirt' photos of teen at chipotle
florida man tried to pull over an undercover cop while pretending to be an officer
florida man found with gillum at south beach hotel room identifies as  pornstar performer 
florida man goes to disney world with two asian guys
a new rival for florida man
florida man charged with stealing toilet paper amidst shortages linked to coronavirus
florida man naked on highway because  monsters 
florida man ponders whether to preemptively infect all first responders with coronavirus
florida man caught shoplifting 10 layers of shirts on live pd in 80 degrees weather
florida man doesn't want a food deliver driver entering his apartment parking lot - live pd
florida-man company aim immunotech s drug to be tested as possible coronavirus treatment
florida man company aim immunotech s drug to be tested as possible coronavirus treatment
florida man beats the bermuda triangle
florida man sues china for coronavirus
florida man could be criminally charged for deliberately boarding plane with coronavirus.
florida man cancels spring break "over". miami mayor cancels spring break events and activities.
florida man cancels spring break. miami mayor cancels all spring break events and activities.
florida teen pulls a florida man in spectacular street-racing crash
florida man arrested for throwing rocks at cars while naked
cock shit bingo is a thing for florida man
florida man used mcdonald's mcdouble burger as weapon during domestic attack, cops say
florida man and florida woman ignore all that talk about social distancing, have sex outside hospital
florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
florida man can't post cute cat videos of his own cats online due to lawsuits
florida man accused of forcing small alligator to drink beer
florida man in cow form
florida man andrew gillum involved in suspected crystal meth incident in miami beach, police say
florida man (former tallahassee mayor and cnn contributor andrew gillum) arrested after "crystal meth orgy"
florida man and former gubernatorial candidate andrew gillum involved in a crystal meth overdose incident that was a suspected but unconfirmed orgy.
florida man: ex-governor candidate andrew gillum involved in drug incident, miami beach police report.
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card after being caught with it at disney world
florida man who came within tens of thousands of votes of being governor found by police puking in bathroom of miami motel room where another florida man was overdosing on meth
florida teen's crash almost ends his chance to grow into florida man
florida man arrested for throwing rocks at cars while naked
florida man stung over 100 times trying to save dog from bees
naked florida man trippin while stripped
i m not going to lie, it s cocaine:  florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, deputies say
florida man comforts child whose parents crashed their car, took off without her
florida man who's considered a top expert on 'money laundering in latin america' to plead guilty to money laundering $3 million for venezuela.
is a florida cow counted as a florida man?
florida man stuck with big bill to rule out coronavirus no longer owes money on his claim
naked florida man breaks into albany, ny office building
florida man buys beer at a store, returns later with a live alligator in hand
florida man customs agent discovered $30,000 worth of cocaine inside set of golf clubs
florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card after being caught with it at disney world
florida man who is a carnival fair operator gets beat up and fired for calling a guest the n-word
florida man faces aggravated battery charges after throwing hamburger, vape pen
florida man arrested for stealing toilet paper from neighbor's car
florida man sexually assaulted teenagers on camping trip, gave 2 tattoos: authorities
florida man arrested for fourth dui tells cops just how high he is, deputies say
florida man spent night in walmart park lot after potentially infecting the leader of the free world with coronavirus
florida man, retired firefighter, wwii vet is turning 93. he just finished his 4th spartan race
florida man on jet ski goes missing trying to save bird
florida man had sex with 10-year-old and photographed it, deputies say
florida man does cocaine, eats stolen debit card
florida man uses baby as human shield to block bullets.
florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
florida man finds tribe of valuable treasures from 1715 shipwreck
florida man brings eggs to a gun fight
car falls on florida man, killing him during home repair
florida man heading home after a night out.
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man congressman slept in walmart parking lot to avoid infecting others with possible coronavirus
florida man blames child porn on his dad
florida man, high on meth, breaks into home to sleep on the owner s couch
florida man facing charges over urine bottle bombardment
florida man faces charges over road rage urine bottle bombardment
florida man arrested for trying to get an alligator drunk
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man: 5 state lawmakers to self-quarantine pending coronavirus test after attending conferences
florida man wears mask making fun of covid-19, self-quarantines because of possible covid-19 exposure
florida man doesn't understand quarantine
florida man doing good
florida man scratched by black bear while on porch, wildlife officials say
florida man repeatedly offers to show ihop patrons his genitals, and then steals doughnuts.
toilet-smashing florida man arrested after drinking binge at local bar
florida man runs away from cops. stops to pet cats, goes to jail
florida man killed sleeping couple, enlisted stepdaughter, her boyfriend to bury bodies in swamp, sheriff says
florida man is arrested after he attempts to pay for his mcdonald's with weed.
florida man washes sheets for the first time in 4 years because of corona virus
florida man and woman
florida man wins $5 million lotto jackpot on $20 scratch-off game
florida man congressman says "members of congress are human petri dishes." no one is surprised or doubts this florida wisdom.
florida man congress man wears full gas mask to the house. says, "members of congress are human petri dishes." everyone seems to agree with this florida wisdom.
florida man (x 118) arrested by florida cop (x unknown) for lacking license to paint.
florida man accused of sucking elderly patients toes in a nursing home
florida man former governor goes on fox news to brag about how he handled crisis situations, apparently forgetting that 12 people died in a nursing home after a hurricane under his watch
florida man rapes 2 stuffed animals in a target.
naked florida man learns which type of exposure is legal at one-hour photo
nostalgia: my youthful florida man goal.
ice arrests &amp; extradites florida man - suspect in massacre 40 years ago
florida man finds a shipwreck with a trove of spanish coins dating back to a 1715
florida man wears gas mask while reviewing coronavirus emergency bill
florida man wears gas mask on floor of u.s. house of representatives
florida man hospital employee arrested for sucking elderly patient's toes.....
florida man matt gaetz wears gas mask during congressional vote to address new coronavirus
desire by florida man for tender barbecue nearly erupts into gun battle
florida man in trouble for letting 47 twerkers plus instagram star film video in high school gym
florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
florida man uses baby as human shield during traffic stop, deputies say
florida man bartender serves guy drinks, learns minutes later that the guy plowed into his car in the parking lot
florida man (boy) mistakenly spritzes self with pepper spray at school gym; sends 40 others to hospital
florida man sentenced for abusing dog who later became  deputy chance 
florida man accused of driving into gop voter registration tent pleads not guilty
florida man goes vigilante and faces off against corrupt key west jewelry stores
florida man scientist uses science skills to make strawberries taste like grapes
florida man accused of stealing $3 million in gold, jewelry from tampa store arrested in california after leaving dna evidence on water bottle at the scene
florida man donned blonde wig while committing burglary. it didn t work, deputies say.
florida man leaves crushed water bottle in store after stealing $3 million of gold and jewelry, cops use it to track him to california where he's already in jail.
florida man arrested after mooning diners at restaurant
florida man uses baby as human shield
florida man (wo) tries to build nail bomb inside walmart ..
florida man and florida women test positive for coronavirus
florida man - who is black - drives around with the nazi flag, southern flag and the n-word plastered all over the back of his truck.
florida man dies in a suitcase. girlfriend says they were playing  hide n go seek  but recordings on her phone show evidence that she was getting revenge for cheating on her.
florida man might have the coronavirus
sly florida man driving 20 mph over the speed limit on deserted highway tells cops he was 'just going with the flow of traffic' yet no other cars were on the road.
florida man dropped his pants and mooned everyone inside the restaurant
florida man arrested for telling children where babies come from
florida man claims syringes found in his rectum aren't his
florida man throws toilet through window, is arrested while sitting on one
florida man gets 5+ years in prison for harassing parkland victims
florida man finds trove of treasures from 1715 shipwreck
vice president pence visited school where florida man - a student - is under coronavirus quarantine
florida man arrested for using cough as weapon
florida man judged mentally incompetent in killing of mother with baseball bat
florida man leaves kids at home to meet up with 14 year old.
florida man threatens to shoot neighbor over yard damage  i ll shoot that mother fucker 
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortoise nest to hide from police.
florida man dumps cow manure over someone s head
florida man fought with heavy metal and an american flag to face a hurricane.
explore a database of the most popular  florida man  headlines
florida man tries to rob wendy's with an alligator
florida man facing felony charges for allegedly stealing $20 trash can, flooding neighbor's home with water hose
florida man sentenced to probation after taping dog's mouth shut
florida man known as  hot dogs for hope minister  arrested on sexual battery and lewd conduct charges
explore a database of the most popular florida man headlines
florida man with terrible driving record, criminal history and suspended license persuades two car dealerships to let him test drive brand new cars, which he then decides to keep for himself
florida man creates ghostly white strawberries in lab
florida man shows ihop patrons his genitals condoms
florida man shows ihop patrons his penis
florida man drunk on moonshine with no hat taser by cops while ordering them to "protect (his) cowboy hat.
florida man caught with a bag full of drugs
florida man, nude and covered in mud, arrested for biting police dog
florida man can't find a home for his swingers club
florida man in china during coronavirus outbreak
florida man upset at nurses sets fire to hospital bed
florida man throws 8 molotov cocktails at department of children and families building after kids are taken away, police say
florida man arrested on the same day he's released from prison after gun and bullets found in car he was riding in
florida man found rolling naked in muddy ditch, wards off two tazers and bites police dog.
well, that's one way to tickle a funny bone, florida man; florida man steals hearse with body in it, from in front of church, then crashes hearse in wild police chase
florida police department targets florida man with offers to test your recreational drugs for coronavirus
florida man to walk across a live volcano
florida man arrested for sucking toes!
florida man driving bitchin' camaro says hey man, i got a bunch of blow in this car, i'm gonna go ahead and blast off at 120 mph over this bumpy ass bridge, no one will ever see me, wait whew whew whew aw shit.
florida man gets corvette repossessed
florida man sucks sleeping elderly woman s toes in hospital
florida man on jet ski goes missing trying to save bird
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortoise nest to hide from police
florida woman is accused of zipping florida man into suitcase for hours, killing him
florida man denies sucking hospital patient's toes
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortoise nest to hide from police, found "throwing dirt on himself"
florida man accused of dumping bucket of cow manure on victim at dairy farm in crystal springs
cop arrests dangerous 6 year old florida man.
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortious nest to hide from police, found 'throwing dirt on himself'
florida man arrested the same day he's released from prison.
florida man drunk on moonshine with no hat taser by cops while ordering them to "protect (his) cowboy hat.
florida man caught with a bag full of drugs
florida man, nude and covered in mud, arrested for biting police dog
florida man can't find a home for his swingers club
florida man in china during coronavirus outbreak
florida man upset at nurses sets fire to hospital bed
florida man throws 8 molotov cocktails at department of children and families building after kids are taken away, police say
florida man arrested on the same day he's released from prison after gun and bullets found in car he was riding in
florida man found rolling naked in muddy ditch, wards off two tazers and bites police dog.
florida man shows ihop patrons his genitals condoms
florida man shows ihop patrons his penis
florida man arrested for using cough as weapon
florida man judged mentally incompetent in killing of mother with baseball bat
florida man leaves kids at home to meet up with 14 year old.
florida man threatens to shoot neighbor over yard damage  i ll shoot that mother fucker 
florida man tries to burrow into gopher tortoise nest to hide from police.
florida man dumps cow manure over someone s head
florida man fought with heavy metal and an american flag to face a hurricane.
explore a database of the most popular  florida man  headlines
florida man tries to rob wendy's with an alligator
florida man facing felony charges for allegedly stealing $20 trash can, flooding neighbor's home with water hose
florida man sentenced to probation after taping dog's mouth shut
florida man known as  hot dogs for hope minister  arrested on sexual battery and lewd conduct charges
explore a database of the most popular florida man headlines
florida man with terrible driving record, criminal history and suspended license persuades two car dealerships to let him test drive brand new cars, which he then decides to keep for himself
florida man creates ghostly white strawberries in lab
florida man and florida women test positive for coronavirus
florida man - who is black - drives around with the nazi flag, southern flag and the n-word plastered all over the back of his truck.
florida man gets probation for taping dog's mouth shut
florida man dies in a suitcase. girlfriend says they were playing  hide n go seek  but recordings on her phone show evidence that she was getting revenge for cheating on her.
florida man might have the coronavirus
sly florida man driving 20 mph over the speed limit on deserted highway tells cops he was 'just going with the flow of traffic' yet no other cars were on the road.
florida man dropped his pants and mooned everyone inside the restaurant
florida man arrested for telling children where babies come from
florida man claims syringes found in his rectum aren't his
florida man throws toilet through window, is arrested while sitting on one
florida man gets 5+ years in prison for harassing parkland victims
florida man finds trove of treasures from 1715 shipwreck
vice president pence visited school where florida man - a student - is under coronavirus quarantine
florida man sentenced for abusing dog who later became  deputy chance 
florida man accused of driving into gop voter registration tent pleads not guilty
florida man goes vigilante and faces off against corrupt key west jewelry stores
florida man scientist uses science skills to make strawberries taste like grapes
florida man accused of stealing $3 million in gold, jewelry from tampa store arrested in california after leaving dna evidence on water bottle at the scene
florida man donned blonde wig while committing burglary. it didn t work, deputies say.
florida man leaves crushed water bottle in store after stealing $3 million of gold and jewelry, cops use it to track him to california where he's already in jail.
florida man arrested after mooning diners at restaurant
florida man uses baby as human shield
florida man (wo) tries to build nail bomb inside walmart ..
florida man finds a shipwreck with a trove of spanish coins dating back to a 1715
florida man wears gas mask while reviewing coronavirus emergency bill
florida man wears gas mask on floor of u.s. house of representatives
florida man hospital employee arrested for sucking elderly patient's toes.....
florida man matt gaetz wears gas mask during congressional vote to address new coronavirus
desire by florida man for tender barbecue nearly erupts into gun battle
florida man in trouble for letting 47 twerkers plus instagram star film video in high school gym
florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
florida man uses baby as human shield during traffic stop, deputies say
florida man bartender serves guy drinks, learns minutes later that the guy plowed into his car in the parking lot
florida man (boy) mistakenly spritzes self with pepper spray at school gym; sends 40 others to hospital
florida man rapes 2 stuffed animals in a target.
naked florida man learns which type of exposure is legal at one-hour photo
nostalgia: my youthful florida man goal.
ice arrests &amp; extradites florida man - suspect in massacre 40 years ago
florida man and woman
florida man wins $5 million lotto jackpot on $20 scratch-off game
florida man congressman says "members of congress are human petri dishes." no one is surprised or doubts this florida wisdom.
florida man congress man wears full gas mask to the house. says, "members of congress are human petri dishes." everyone seems to agree with this florida wisdom.
florida man (x 118) arrested by florida cop (x unknown) for lacking license to paint.
florida man accused of sucking elderly patients toes in a nursing home
florida man former governor goes on fox news to brag about how he handled crisis situations, apparently forgetting that 12 people died in a nursing home after a hurricane under his watch
florida man doing good
florida man scratched by black bear while on porch, wildlife officials say
florida man repeatedly offers to show ihop patrons his genitals, and then steals doughnuts.
toilet-smashing florida man arrested after drinking binge at local bar
florida man runs away from cops. stops to pet cats, goes to jail
florida man killed sleeping couple, enlisted stepdaughter, her boyfriend to bury bodies in swamp, sheriff says
florida man is arrested after he attempts to pay for his mcdonald's with weed.
florida man washes sheets for the first time in 4 years because of corona virus
florida man blames child porn on his dad
florida man, high on meth, breaks into home to sleep on the owner s couch
florida man facing charges over urine bottle bombardment
florida man faces charges over road rage urine bottle bombardment
florida man arrested for trying to get an alligator drunk
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man: 5 state lawmakers to self-quarantine pending coronavirus test after attending conferences
florida man wears mask making fun of covid-19, self-quarantines because of possible covid-19 exposure
florida man doesn't understand quarantine
florida man uses baby as human shield to block bullets.
florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
florida man finds tribe of valuable treasures from 1715 shipwreck
florida man brings eggs to a gun fight
car falls on florida man, killing him during home repair
florida man heading home after a night out.
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man arrested for stealing grouper, potatoes then impersonating federal officer
florida man congressman slept in walmart parking lot to avoid infecting others with possible coronavirus
florida man arrested for fourth dui tells cops just how high he is, deputies say
florida man spent night in walmart park lot after potentially infecting the leader of the free world with coronavirus
florida man, retired firefighter, wwii vet is turning 93. he just finished his 4th spartan race
florida man had sex with 10-year-old and photographed it, deputies say
florida man does cocaine, eats stolen debit card
florida man stung over 100 times trying to save dog from bees
naked florida man trippin while stripped
i m not going to lie, it s cocaine:  florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, deputies say
florida man comforts child whose parents crashed their car, took off without her
florida man who's considered a top expert on 'money laundering in latin america' to plead guilty to money laundering $3 million for venezuela.
is a florida cow counted as a florida man?
florida man stuck with big bill to rule out coronavirus no longer owes money on his claim
naked florida man breaks into albany, ny office building
florida man buys beer at a store, returns later with a live alligator in hand
florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
florida man customs agent discovered $30,000 worth of cocaine inside set of golf clubs
florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card after being caught with it at disney world
florida man who is a carnival fair operator gets beat up and fired for calling a guest the n-word
florida man faces aggravated battery charges after throwing hamburger, vape pen
florida man arrested for stealing toilet paper from neighbor's car
florida man sexually assaulted teenagers on camping trip, gave 2 tattoos: authorities
florida man can't post cute cat videos of his own cats online due to lawsuits
florida man accused of forcing small alligator to drink beer
florida man arrested for throwing rocks at cars while naked
florida man in cow form
florida man strikes again
florida man andrew gillum involved in suspected crystal meth incident in miami beach, police say
florida man (former tallahassee mayor and cnn contributor andrew gillum) arrested after "crystal meth orgy"
florida man and former gubernatorial candidate andrew gillum involved in a crystal meth overdose incident that was a suspected but unconfirmed orgy.
florida man: ex-governor candidate andrew gillum involved in drug incident, miami beach police report.
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card after being caught with it at disney world
florida man who came within tens of thousands of votes of being governor found by police puking in bathroom of miami motel room where another florida man was overdosing on meth
florida teen's crash almost ends his chance to grow into florida man
florida man arrested for throwing rocks at cars while naked
florida-man company aim immunotech s drug to be tested as possible coronavirus treatment
florida man company aim immunotech s drug to be tested as possible coronavirus treatment
florida man beats the bermuda triangle
florida man sues china for coronavirus
florida man could be criminally charged for deliberately boarding plane with coronavirus.
florida man cancels spring break "over". miami mayor cancels spring break events and activities.
florida man cancels spring break. miami mayor cancels all spring break events and activities.
florida teen pulls a florida man in spectacular street-racing crash
cock shit bingo is a thing for florida man
florida man used mcdonald's mcdouble burger as weapon during domestic attack, cops say
florida man and florida woman ignore all that talk about social distancing, have sex outside hospital
florida man goes to disney world with two asian guys
a new rival for florida man
florida man charged with stealing toilet paper amidst shortages linked to coronavirus
florida man naked on highway because  monsters 
florida man ponders whether to preemptively infect all first responders with coronavirus
florida man caught shoplifting 10 layers of shirts on live pd in 80 degrees weather
florida man doesn't want a food deliver driver entering his apartment parking lot - live pd
florida man arrested after punching atm for "giving him too much money"
florida man used anglerfish stomach to masturbate ends up in hospital
florida man who was lieutenant governor complains to coloradans that his ski vacation was ruined due to coronavirus cancellations. this did not go over well.
deja vu florida man: florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer cops days after he was released from jail for the same crime!
deja vu florida man: florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer days after he was released from jail for the same crime!
dumb and dumber: florida man offered fellow florida man a free iphone if he came to pick him up again. he did, and promptly got carjacked. he did not get the phone.
florida man bites his brother s penis off after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket
blood &amp; feces found on florida man gubernatorial candidate's hotel bed
florida man talks crazy
florida man raps
florida man ice rink manager accused of taking 'upskirt' photos of teen at chipotle
florida man tried to pull over an undercover cop while pretending to be an officer
florida man found with gillum at south beach hotel room identifies as  pornstar performer 
florida man buying up all the guns!
florida man stocks up on beer for the corona virus
florida man in public office suggests first responders "take one for the team" and get coronavirus to build immunity
florida man goes to beach: packed beaches remain open despite covid-19 concerns
florida man still throwing a st pattys block party at local bars
florida man convicted of manslaughter for fatal punch
young florida man and a beehive
young florida man and bees
florida man who was peeing all over room attacks good samaritan who tried to stop him, police say
florida man arrested for impersonating an officer just days after going to jail for the same crime, deputies say
florida man refuses to shut down beaches amid spread of coronavirus
florida man votes for joe biden during pandemic
florida man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda
florida: man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda
florida man crashed his car into woman and girl. that s when he got naked, cops say
florida man will be much less active for 30 days as every bar in florida has closed.
donald trump spreads unproven claim that florida man was involved in  sex orgy 
florida man beats pregnant woman he believed to have covid-19
florida man in politics: beaches not ordered to close amid pandemic
florida man would drive a racing go kart to buy beer.
florida congressman "typhoid mario", and therefore a florida man, becomes first federal lawmaker to test positive for coronavirus
florida man first member of congress to test positive for corona virus.
florida man is the first congressman to announce testing positive for coronavirus
florida man attacks pregnant woman he thinks has coronavirus
florida man has $1,200 worth of smoke shop merchandise destroyed by wandering chicken
florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating cop
florida man beats a 6-months pregnant woman because he thought that she had covid-19
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed 'olaf' at target
florida man charged with stealing $1 roll of toilet paper is held on $5000 bond
florida man flies drone with hanging toilet paper
florida man - in wake of wild spring break scenes, miami closes beaches
florida man awarded $37,500 after cops mistake glazed doughnut crumbs for meth
florida man takes off pants after crashing into car
florida man, he isn't afraid of any coronavirus outside, anyway, he only drinks bud light.
florida man accused of beating pregnant woman he thought was infected with coronavirus
florida man pleads not guilty after 78-pound meth seizure
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from orlando hotel
florida man arrested in 1985 killing of young mother after dna found on cigarette
florida man used mcdouble burger and vaping pen as weapons during domestic attack
florida man brady sluder said,  if i get infected by a coronavirus, i get infected, i am not going to allow it to restrict me from partying. 
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, immediately admits to police he's carrying cocaine
florida man who hired hitmen to kill rival zookeeper now a netflix docuseries
florida man tries to eat stolen debit card, immediately admits to police he's carrying cocaine
florida man puts entire state at risk for covid
florida man arrested for tossing gator into wendys
florida man arrested with more than 100 penises in jars
florida man molest woman claiming his touch can prevent cancer
florida man arrested for stealing 66 toilet paper rolls
florida man arrested for stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper
my friend just released his first single  florida man  based off stories from this thread. let s help him go viral   
florida man arrested for felony theft of 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel amidst coronavirus
florida man assaulted pregnant woman because he thought she has the coronavirus
florida man attacked pregnant woman because he thought she has coronavirus
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man turns booze into hand sanitizer and gives it away for free
florida man public freak out during commissioner meeting
florida man - who weighs 450lbs- hide marijuana is stomach
florida man who weighs 450lbs - hides marijuana in stomach fat
who are you florida man?
who are you florida man/woman? you re a legend
florida man arrested for stealing hotel toilet paper
florida man gets arrested then holds jail staff hostage with gun cops failed to find
florida man arrested for stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper
florida man commissioner humiliates florida woman mayor during emergency meeting for her inaction during the coronavirus outbreak
florida man who parties during spring break could be  super-spreader  of covid-19 coronavirus
angry florida man jumps into lagoon
florida man official recommends blow dryer at your face to combat coronavirus; don t do that
florida man, who is also a county commissioner, uses public meeting to recommend blowing a hairdryer up your nose to "kill" coronavirus
florida man tries to do the right thing and calls out lack of action from florida leader to help save people without electricity!
classic florida man
florida man with coronavirus says drug touted by trump saved his life
florida man county commissioner: i m  sorry  for saying hair dryers cure covid-19
florida man beats coronavirus
florida man arrested in 35-year-old cold case murder thanks to dna on cigarette
florida man arrested during traffic stop and found to be naked with string tied to his genitals
florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating officer
florida man accused of showing his genitals charged with making box-cutter threat
florida man cop charged with sending photo of his genitals to a undercover fbi agent
on a lighter note, florida man is feeling better after a new drug combo helps him through enduring the coronavirus.
death threats against 3 different judges gets florida man arrested 3 times in the same week, all while he was out on probation after defending himself against drug charges
florida man is reassuring as about the effectiveness of the drug proposed by trump to deal with corona virus...we should all listen to florida man and doctor d.j trump in this case.....lol.
florida man with coronavirus says drug touted by trump saved his life
florida man okeechobee county commissioner bryant culpepper, apologizes after claiming that blowing a hair dryer up your nose kills the coronavirus
florida man - governor ron desantis - orders 2-week self-quarantine of new york visitors
i m not going to lie, it s cocaine:  florida man tries to eat stolen debit card.
a florida woman was arrested and charged with aggravated assault with intent to kill after she reportedly "farted loudly" in a dollar store, and then pulled a knife on a man that complained
not sure if you guys have seen this yet or not. this is a great explanation of the florida man from the show big mouth on netflix.
florida man suggests using blow drier to kill off corona virus with 2nd degree burn temps. florida man is a city council member at a public meeting.
florida man beats corona virus
florida man and politician warns that there's a lot of baloney online and promptly reports that burning your nose with a hairdryer can kill the coronavirus according to "the new fox news."
florida man is arrested again for impersonating a police officer twice.
florida man attacks pregnant woman. the mugshot is classic florida man
florida man arrested, charged with stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from hotel
florida man - (commissioner of okeechobee county, florida ) suggested how to kill the coronavirus by taking a blow dryer, hold it up to your face and inhale. keeping it real in florida-
intoxicated florida man relieves himself on police car bumper
exuse me... he shoved a what in his pants!? but not a gator? florida man why?
florida man why not a gator?
florida man arrested for stealing toilet paper from hotel
florida man arrested twice in 2 days for impersonating police officer
florida man advises to cure coronavirus with hairdryer up nose
coronavirus: florida man - acclaimed playwright terrence mcnally - dies in sarasota of covid-19 complications
florida man tried to escape cops by stripping naked. ribeyes fell out of his pants.
florida man credits trump, not doctors, for corona recovery.
florida man play shirts vs. skins soccer during a pandemic
florida man doesn't understand why anyone would need so much toilet paper 'unless you have a really big butt.'
florida man: miami-dade reaches 400 cases; state total over 1,600
florida man (the governor)  working overtime to preserve our status as the world s leading exporter of political comedy. 
florida man found in miami hotel room with crystal meth - andrew gillum, democratic candidate for florida governor, was involved in a suspected crystal meth incident at a miami beach hotel on friday morning.
ok thoughts? are these the best florida man memes or not?
florida man took tip jar after being denied free drink at sub shop
we all know it's true, thanks florida man
u.s. believes florida man - ex-fbi agent bob levinson - died while being held hostage in iran
florida man visits washington
florida man leaves $10,000 tip at restaurant, says " i want each person in this restaurant to get 500 dollars"
florida man (or woman) whose the manager of a chili's asks servers to come in and clean, then fires them
florida man (or woman) who's the manager of an airport chili's asks servers to come in and clean during coronavirus scare, then fires them
florida man tries to make recreational drugs great again with donald trump's face and name printed on mdma tablets
florida man really stole an entire driveway
florida man robs cvs store with hatchet, police say
florida man lands in jail for allegedly cutting down fence he thought belonged to someone else
florida man arrested twice in two days for impersonating an officer
florida man "violently" punches gas pumps, car wash drive thru and trees after argument with girlfriend
florida man goes table surfing while social distancing.
florida man says,  hold a blowdryer in front of your face  to cure coronavirus.
florida man (and woman) found wrestling naked in car outside clearwater mall
coronavirus: possibly infected florida man hacks on deputies deliberately
when florida man meets florida woman
florida man accused of stealing $800 worth of lingerie from dillard s
florida man arrested for having child porn, molotov cocktails
florida man ate bag of drugs "pulled from his butt"
florida man steals truck, blames coronavirus: cops
please share your florida man stories on my post! i need to get as close to 10k as possible for my class project!
florida man accused of stealing $800 worth of lingerie from dillard s
florida man pastor says he'll keep church open during coronavirus outbreak, claims to have most sterile building in america
florida man, age 40, becomes first covid-19 related death in miami-dade county.
florida man arrested for trying to assault a mcdonalds worker over a straw
florida man  tiger king  joe exotic arrested in northwest florida in murder-for-hire plot
florida man freelancers | hire expert freelancers - peopleperhour
hire expert florida man freelancer . on peopleperhour
florida man with no arms or legs is armed and on the run
support the troops killing for anonymous corporations | florida man signs up for the army
naked florida man, high on meth, bites k-9 canine: report
florida woman on meth arrested after nasty spat with man
naked florida man arrested after showing up at belleview home after being kicked out of his vehicle by his girlfriend
naked florida man nabbed while sexually pleasuring himself outside silver springs motel
florida man entertainer jailed after naked romp through front yard leads to violent altercation with florida woman who puts him in a headlock
florida man tips mover 1984 rolls royce
florida man jailed on charges of having sex with miniature pony
florida man sex offender charged with terrorizing family with knife on christmas
laundry basket-throwing florida man sex offender jailed after melee
florida man steals forklift, then uses forklift to smash into ross and steal conveyor belt, then gets caught coming back for more
florida man kills arizona ranger in the town of agua fria (texas red is florida man)
naked florida man (and florida woman) found wrestling in car outside clearwater mall
it's a lot like chinese water torture," tb to when florida man sued prison because of  the polar express 
florida man kills best for not sayin no homo after 10 hour anal session
florida man escorts mother duck, 12 ducklings safely back to lake
florida man megachurch packed with worshipers during coronavirus pandemic
florida man leaves son at police station because he thought he was gay.
florida man pastor claims he can cure coronavirus; megachurch packed with worshipers during pandemic
sheriff: florida man tells deputies he has the coronavirus then coughs on them
florida man u.s. senator says journalists have 'glee' about coronavirus deaths going up. he gets the shit he deserves about it.
florida man joins covid-19 s team
florida man admits to leaving dog, believing it could give him coronavirus
florida man arrested after spraying substance labeled  covid-19 
florida man runs 100 miles for covid-19 charity
florida man arrested after allegedly spraying substance on business doors, telling patrons they were now infected with coronavirus
florida man coughs on officer after saying he has coronavirus
florida man claimed to have coronavirus and coughed on police
florida man coughs on deputy, says he has coronavirus
florida man found naked in car with girl he met on social media app, deputies say
warrant issued for florida man at tampa area mega church - claims magical sneeze blasting device
on april 12th, 1986, the first florida man, a satelite dish operator hijacked the hbo network to protest high subscription prices.
florida man pastor arrested after he holds two jam-packed sunday services despite local order prohibiting large public gatherings during coronavirus
florida man pretends to spray covid-19 at local business
florida man/pastor faces charges for defying stay-at-home order with large services
florida man pastor arrested after he ignored quarantine and held church service for hundreds
here are the best florida woman and florida man memes ever
yikes! florida man please..
florida man dies after getting coronavirus on costa luminosa | miami herald". he caught covid-19 on a cruise ship. his family had to say goodbye over speakerphone
florida man invents corona virus survival tool
florida man warning others after getting fake coronavirus stimulus check in mail "this is absolutely sickening."   thomas andrews
a florida man killed his girlfriend and her lover after bonding out of jail on a manslaughter charge   saying he  lost it  when he found them having sex in his florida home, according to cops.
florida man: pastor arrested for violating coronavirus rules after holding church services
florida man and pastor arrested for trying to give jesus and his flock coronavirus by being told about the stay-at-home order and still holding service.
florida man and pastor tries to give jesus and his flock corona virus by holding service despite the safer-at-home orders.
florida man found naked in car with teen he met on snapchat, deputies say
florida man abandons pet dog because he thought it could give him coronavirus
florida man leaves $10k tip as restaurants close due to coronavirus
florida man kills girlfriend, her lover after finding them having sex
florida man kills girlfriend, her lover after finding them having sex
florida man sprays covid-19 on doors of business
florida man puts whole state at risk
popular netflix series prompts florida man sheriff to reopen 23 year old cold case
popular netflix series prompts florida man sheriff to reopen 23 year old cold case
florida man who happens to be the sheriff is a fan of joe exotic just like everyone else
florida man who's also a pastor claims toilet paper rolls will multiply if you just have faith
florida man asks for rent suspension!
florida man arrested for allegedly spraying liquid he claims to be coronavirus on people.
florida man "being chased by dinosaurs" shot by mother.
florida man made it to hawaii
florida man for violating 14-day quarantine
kauai police arrest florida man 41.
florida man breaks into home, sucks on sleeping man's toes
nearly naked florida man breaks into school, smears feces and cake frosting everywhere
shoplifting florida man flees store, strips naked as steaks fall out of his pants
florida man who raised funds for border wall hawks millions of face masks
florida man forces inmates to eat tobacco
florida man hangs giant roll of toilet paper in front yard
florida man rep. rick scott wants world health organization investigated by congress
florida man delivers toilet paper to neighbor using drone
florida man coming down off meth realizes there's a global pandemic.
florida man sparks 10-acre fire at a gender reveal party mixed with explosives
the florida man
florida man makes video about florida man
florida man arrested after spraying local businesses with covid-19
florida man issues stay-at-home order after weeks of resistance
florida man is the first person arrested in hawaii for breaking quarantine order
florida man says he has been forced to quit his job after being bitten by the horror spider when he was staying in an airbnb between apartments.
florida man burns down forrest for gender reveal party
2 florida man steal corona beer from coconut creek cvs, tell workers they have  the virus 
florida man (he s from tampa) arrested in hawaii for breaking quarantine order
florida man zooms into virtual class during distance learning, exposes himself
florida man zooms himself into distance learning class and exposes himself
florida man with covid-19 spits on an officer's face
florida man wrestles alligators... literally.
florida man governor overrides county officials to allow church gatherings during corona virus lockdown
brand new florida man rents derek jeter's house
florida man strikes again.
florida man hoa president threatens nurse $1000 a day fine over  quarantine rv 
florida man dies from coronavirus after returning from cruise
florida man hangs giant toilet paper roll in front yard
florida man hangs giant roll of toilet paper in front yard
driver hits, kills florida man laying in road, fhp says
man exposes himself after hacking into online florida class
florida man exposes himself after hacking into online florida class
florida man loses insurance for holding church services during coronavirus outbreak
florida man trains pro wrestlers $2000 in a dingy, unmarked warehouse
florida man trains pro wrestlers for $2,000 in dingy, unmarked warehouse
florida man downloaded child porn as 'boredom killer,' deputies say.
florida man and florida woman to pioneer much-needed covid-19 research by random-testing all of miami-dade county
florida man flashes online class
florida man arrested for stabbing, brutalizing, and baking dog in the oven
yet another florida man arrested by kauai police in hawaii for violating state's quarantine measures, and this time time he was also intoxicated and became belligerent with airport staff and police.
florida man attacks ice cream truck
amid coronavirus fears, florida man assaults ice cream truck driver
florida man, 62, is deported as accomplice to the nazis - august 13th 1985
florida man brutalized, baked dog
florida man sues tv station for defamation for calling him a pastor, even though florida man admitted he is pastor
florida man faked his own murder by tying a gun to a weather balloon
florida man  maintain at least one large alligator distance, florida county tells people in new post 
florida man found with guns, drugs, a stolen car, and a baby alligator
florida man steals car containing baby alligator, guns, and drugs
coronavirus tiger king parody from florida man
florida man creates florida social distancing scavenger hunt bingo card
florida man leads the race in coronavirus related crime tracked by the smoking gun - nearly 50% of us coronacrime
florida man batters cashier over social distancing beef
did florida man commit this tortoise-napping?
florida man is bored during quarantine.
wasetcase florida man movie
florida man attacked and killed by pet cassowaries becomes first human to die by the species since 1926
florida man attacked and killed by pet cassowaries. becomes first human killed by the species since 1926.
make "florida man" a netflix series
florida man films himself molesting his dog while wearing a dog costume
florida woman assaulted man with spaghettios
sounds accurate, florida man.
florida man inmate drops a deuce then drops his celly after an offensive remark about his odoriferous excrement
florida man accused of stabbing dog and putting it in hot oven, deputies say.
florida man thinks she doesn't have to pay her employees because of coronavirus. goes on rant.
florida man shanks dog, then cooks it
hawaii mayor to arrested florida man: you re a  covidiot 
florida man who was accused of coughing on store worker says social distancing  out of hand 
florida man tries to defy hawaii s traveler quarantine; hawaii mayor calls him  covidiot. 
florida man wearing homemade coronavirus face mask robs publix
hawaii mayor to arrested florida man:  covidiot 
a florida man who drank a bottle of wine that he was unable to pay for at a winn-dixie then fled the store, ran a red light and caused a hit-and-run crash all with an 11-year-old girl in tow
man leaving easter eggs with porn in them in florida mailboxes
florida man sets up wrestling ring in front yard, hosts matches during a pandemic
florida man emt intentionally coughed on woman
florida man loses life savings on luckin coffee: pours scalding coffee on crotch in starbucks screaming profanities about fake chinese data
florida man accused of dui told police he might have coronavirus, palm bay police say
hawaii mayor: florida man flouting quarantine was  covidiot 
florida man spit on officer, claimed he had coronavirus. he doesn't. now, he faces a federal charge.
renowned florida man mails in absentee ballot after claiming that mail-in votes are corrupt
florida man catches 33-inch fish off florida coast using publix fried chicken as bait
florida man runs to bermuda in a giant bubble
florida man tries to order a burrito at the bank.
florida man sues tiger woods for allegedly pushing him at tournament two years ago which he claims left him hospitalized
florida man faces federal charges after spitting on a police officer and claiming to have covid-19
florida man loses a toe after a bad break up
florida man (governor) wears one glove while touches face with other hand.
florida man arrested for intentionally coughing on a store employee
florida (wo)man in the easter spirit.
florida man arrested after exposing himself in mcdonald s drive thru, police say
florida governor man
head florida man falsely claims covid-19 hasn't killed anyone under 25
florida man (governor) considers reopening schools, claiming no one under 25 has died nationwide.
florida woman and her florida man dad hit with bat after social distancing warning
florida man arrested in connection to pizza-ordering scam in new jersey
florida: man claims it's his constitutional right to rape a donkey - shadowproof
florida man claims it's his constitutional right to rape a donkey - shadowproof
florida man completely botches coronavirus response for his state
florida man accused of murdering his wife, uses covid-19 as cover up.
florida man contemplated recruiting children for biological terrorism: bizarre plot to kill teachers, elderly grandparents, and more.
florida man will make you a corona mask out of python skin.
florida man charged with nj pizza fraud over fake orders for first responders
florida woman spent last sunday night in jail for allegedly beating up a naked florida man
toilet-clogging florida man jailed after nasty spat with woman
florida man saves turtle from gators
florida man ends street fight by running them over
florida man arrested for cutting brake lines of over 140 bird scooters
florida man arrested for wife s disappearance due to coronavirus texts
florida man who hates italians made fake orders to nj pizzerias, cops say
florida man : what the governor of florida doesn't know about the coronavirus is a lot
florida man uses covid-19 to cover up his wife's murder.
florida man use this covid-19 to cover up his wife's murder.
florida man awakens from days-long coma, asks for taco bell
i hope you catch corona': florida man arrested after coughing on deputies, threatening to kill mom, deputies say
lake county florida man
deland florida man
florida man, the governor, has a ba (history) from yale, jd from harvard in 2005.
florida man pays $40,000 for $20,000 bottle of bourbon
florida man blames his deputy's covid-19 death on "homosexual events"
florida man police chief asserts deputy died from corona because he was gay to make other deputies think their exposure was limited. placed on leave
florida man pays $40k for $20k bottle of bourbon to keep restaurant afloat
florida man accused of beating cellmate who asked for a "courtesy flush" to help with smell
florida man accused of beating cellmate who asked for a  courtesy flush  to help with smell
florida man don t like stinky toilets like everyone else i guess
florida man sanitizes delivery box to protect child with autoimmune disorder.
florida man-toilet smell
florida man accused of murdering his wife, using covid-19 as cover
florida man in polyamorous relationship, with three other men, charged with child abuse of child fathered by one of the other men
florida man deems wwe an essential business during pandemic shutdown
florida man governor deems wwe an essential business in florida, allows them to remain open.
florida man charged with murder after wife disappears amid suspicious coronavirus messages
florida man deems pro wrestling essential
florida man can watch wwe, cause it is in essential business during the crisis
youtube prankster with over 10 million followers arrested after attack on florida man
florida man - an inmate - refused to take off a protective mask. he was handcuffed, punished.
florida man mayor deems wwe to be "essential business" so pro wrestling can resume live shows
florida man deems wwe 'essential business' (spoiler: man is florida gov. ron desantis)
thought it was about time for a wholesome florida man post in this community: florida man buys $20,000 bottle of bourbon for $40,000 to help struggling restaurant stay afloat
florida man helps struggling restaurant stay afloat after buying $20,000 bottle of bourbon for $40,000
florida man lawyers had to be reminded to wear shirts during virtual court appearances
morbidly obese' florida man sues restaurants
florida man could potentially get a job - amazon hires over 7,000 florida employees during coronavirus pandemic
florida man, governor, declares professional wrastling essential business amid world wide pandemic
florida man gets arrested in connection with a homicide less than a month after being released due to covid19
florida man accused of murdering estranged wife pretended she was dying from coronavirus
florida man freed amid coronavirus concerns committed murder one day after release
florida man used coronavirus quarantine rules to cover up his wife's murder, police say
florida man placed fake pizza orders in nj
florida man governor explains why sporting events are needed now: "i mean, we are watching reruns from like the early 2000s. 
florida man busted in murder of teen during botched yeezy sneaker deal
hopeful pot lawyer loses his shit. also my brother-in-law s lawyer lol this florida man adventure is too close for comfort.  i don t get it he was so sweet  they said.
florida man is a successful lobbyist
florida man and his law firm file class action lawsuit against china over sars-cov-2
you heard about florida man, this one is florida women passed out in a chilis s parking lot after her florida man left her there!
florida man gynecologist arrested for stealing trump 2020 flag from neighbor
florida man accused of threatening ex's life over food stamps card
florida man attorney doesn't wear shirt in zoom court hearing
florida man bailed out after impersonating an officer arrested again for allegedly using fake badge to avoid $2 toll charge
florida man jailed twice in one week for impersonating an officer
authorities say florida man threatened mass shooting over lack of masks worn at grocery store
florida man: doctor who was handcuffed in front of his kids says he was profiled while volunteering
florida man falls asleep during live stream drag performance, raises hundreds of dollars
florida man passes out drunk during live-streamed drag performance, raises hundreds of dollars
florida man : al capone first trailer: tom hardy's notorious gangster is diseased but deadly in florida
florida man attends online hearing shirtless
florida man sheriff delayed issuing hand sanitizer to his troops in order to have customized logos with his name on it put on the bottles
florida man attorney appears at video hearings shirtless and in bed
florida man released from prison over covid-19 fears is later arrested for murder
florida man loses 40 pounds in 4 weeks. all he had to do was go bowling during a pandemic.
florida man placed fake pizza orders in nj, wished coronavirus on italians
when florida man is also kyle
florida man strikes again, now has child trying to reason with him.
florida man strikes again, while a child is trying to reason with him
the legend of florida man animated comedy video
florida man decides playing yu-gi-oh! is an essential business, gets arrested
florida man arrested after threatening to shoot unmasked people in publix grocery stores
florida man arrested outside governor s mansion after trapping himself in concrete-filled barrels
florida man decides to reopen beaches and parks for "essential activities" such as surfing and hiking
florida man (attorney) scolded by judge to wear a shirt for zoom hearings
stand your ground' law frees florida man after shooting deputies trying to arrest his prostitue daughter
florida man decides to reopen florida beaches starting tonight
florida man charged by cftc for $1.6 million ponzi scheme
florida man - singer jake miller - is quarantined and is speaking out about it on tiktok
florida man jailed during coronavirus crisis, gets felony charge over $36 in drinks
florida man arrested for stealing from walmart while trying to conceal his face with underwear
florida man hides face with underwear while stealing electronics from walmart
florida man opens beaches in the middle of a pandemic
florida man to reopen beaches during global pandemic and quarantine
florida man calls his arrest over keeping open gaming business a  show of hubris  by pinellas sheriff
florida man encases self in concrete at governor s mansion, protests prison conditions
florida man encases himself in concert to protest
only florida man: two jupiter florida men charged with dui at same time, driving same suv
florida man: miami police chief says he s tested positive for covid-19.  my symptoms are mild. 
florida man (the governor) showing how not to put on an n95 mask.
florida man shot, hospitalized after dispute over unleashed dog, police say
florida man (governor ron desantis) puts on coronavirus covid-19 protection mask wrong during press conference
florida man encased himself in concrete to protest coronavirus
florida man buys haunted california ghost town, gets trapped there for month by snowstorm
not florida man but a competitor
florida man encases self in concrete at governor's mansion
florida woman catches florida man on camera running naked in cape coral
florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
florida man caught selling cure for the novel coronavirus
florida man donates plasma to doctor with covid-19
florida man arrested for a second time for impersonating a police officer
florida man puts on a mask
florida man drops sick beat titled  free joe exotic ; seemingly does not support florida woman
florida man who got 3 million views for pretending to pee and poop on people in public arrested for attacking a woman out for a jog
florida man politician mocks unemployed constituent for not having a job during coronavirus pandamic
florida man opens beaches but closes schools during coronavirus pandemic
florida man blows a .339 blood alcohol level and gets a dui on a golf cart
u.s. news florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
florida man encases arms in concrete in protest of prison conditions during pandemic
florida man, the governor of florida wears face mask the wrong way while encouraging people to go outside.
florida man calling himself "the beast" gouges eyes of armed home intruder.
pn homicide suspect arrested in fl during covid beach sweep (florida man is his spirit animal)
florida-man sues china for $4 trillion over virus.
florida man vs. florida woman: first they divorced, now they re running against each othe r for broward clerk of courts
florida man vs. florida woman: first they divorced, now they re running against each other for broward clerk of courts
deputies: florida man charged for pointing bb gun at golfers
florida man allegedly drops pants inside tj maxx
florida man arrested for emptying septic tank into boss s pool, takes swim in poop pool
brand new florida man tom brady was thrown out of park by a tampa recreation worker
florida man - a teacher - accused of calling kids  brat  and  dummy  faces firing
florida man uses 2 way radio illegally, also made a human trafficking ring.
florida man spotted working out in a closed tampa bay downtown park and employee kicked him out. the man was new buccaneers qb tom brady.
florida man seeks to "flatten the curve", reopens beaches leading to thousands of new coronavirus cases
florida man: tom brady 'cited' for working out in park closed because of coronavirus
florida man decides to buy a domain name, or two, ends up astroturfing entire  reopen  campaign.
florida man tried to use fake  covid-19  sign to dodge arrest
florida man selling masks made from python, alligator skin amid coronavirus outbreak
florida man crafting masks made from python and alligator skin
florida man puts fake covid-19 warning on door to try to avoid warrant arrest
lawyer son, a white nationalist florida man, arrested 2 days after lawyer dad was accused of pimping
broward judge denies release of florida man, an inmate sickened with covid-19, a novel coronavirus
florida man builds home-made airplane, crashes it in missouri
florida man lyfts uber, rescues officer
florida man lyfts uber, rescues state trooper
florida man couldn t wait and just had to smoke a cigarette in the er.
florida man claims to have covid-19, threatens to bite hotel employees, kicks police
florida man wants to show jury his penis to prove that his girlfriend choked to death during oral.
florida man sues governor ron desantis and hillsborough county over emergency orders
florida man arrested for aiming bb gun at golfers.
florida man encases arms with cement to protest the virus
florida man fails at self-quarantine
florida man attacks elderly roommate who woke him up for breakfast, deputies say
new florida man tom brady walks into complete stranger's kitchen thinking it was his coach's house
florida man (transplanted) thomas brady enters stranger s home without knocking on door, mistakes offensive coordinator for buccaneers home with neighbor
john cougar downey jr - florida man
florida man will zoom bomb your work meeting with a farm animal for money
florida man tries to run over son who wouldn t take bath, deputies say
meta] what should the icon be for this, our florida man sub? (mod approved, possible prizes for best entry or design)
florida wo(man) explaining jacksonville don't have to worry about the virus.
florida man trying so hard!
florida man, 70, knocked out after bringing food donations to church, police say
new florida man tom brady accidentally trespasses and breaks into a strangers home.
florida man &amp; lawyer in trouble for taking off pants in the courthouse   i m sorry, i thought this was america
together, jerry : florida man and florida woman, married 64 years, die within hours of each other
florida man walks into wrong home
a florida man bought anti-quarantine site names to try to troll conservatives. now he s out $4,000 and the target of a harassment campaign.
florida man claims he predicted covid-19 at his church, shakes down poor congregants for money. oh, and he's the vice mayor of the city.
florida man, an ex-con arrested for allegedly hitting and choking his girlfriend told cops that he was not actually attacking the woman, but rather demonstrating "how i was previousy arrested for domestic battery"
florida man buys 203 url's to demand reopening businesses
moonshine-drinking florida man who threatened deputy jailed again on dui and resisting arrest charges
florida man accused of beheading cat, putting head on stick in yard
florida man claims uv light can be brought inside the body to kill coronavirus
florida man becomes a champion of the people
florida man plans to stalk newly reopened beaches dressed as the grim reaper
florida man shoots at firefighters from inside burning home
in clash over food giveaway, florida man pastor arrested after punching florida man rotary club president
florida man pastor accused of punching donor, 70, at food distribution event in opa-locka
florida man 1 sells florida man 2 on a bleach cure for coronavirus, florida man 2 is donald trump and you know the rest
wholesome florida man
florida man accused of spitting on cop, claimed had coronavirus
florida man decapitates family cat, displays head on stick in home backyard
florida man cons the nation into injecting bleach
florida man made bomb threat to avoid work
florida man called in a bomb threat to avoid work
florida man  having a bad day  at work, calls in bomb threat, deputies say
florida man drives on beach because he was bored.
florida man accused of making bomb threat to avoid work.
florida man works in mysterious ways - no homicide in miami in 7 weeks, biggest streak since 1957
florida man spends investors money on strippers, cars
florida man governor calls florida  god s waiting room  for seniors
florida man gets accepted at all 8 ivy league schools
florida man facing 11 charges after allegedly committing 3 crimes in one day
florida man arrested for putting laxatives into teen s daily medication
florida man accepted to all 8 ivy-league schools
florida man accepted into all 8 ivy league schools
florida man calls state  god s waiting room 
florida man calls florida  god s waiting room  amid deadly coronavirus
florida man facing 12 charges after allegedly committing 3 crimes in one day
florida man threatened noisy four-wheelers with shotgun, deputies say
florida man catches 33-inch fish using publix fried chicken as bait
police: florida man dragged dog tied to golf cart, killing it
florida man engages in last minute maneuvers to become judge without an election
i present to you the ultimate florida man, danny duncan
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin  john wick 
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin "john wick"
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin john wick
florida man blames john wick for guns found in his car
oh florida man
sec alleges south florida man misled investors over coronavirus mask sales
florida man, attacks again
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to  john wick 
florida man who was found with guns told cops they belonged to john wick
florida man arrested for dui twice in one week
florida man tries to blame a weapons bust on john wick, the assassin played by keanu reeves in movie
florida man who was busted with guns in his car told cops his cousin 'john wick' was to blame
florida man honors state's reputation by twerking in court
florida man helps return $20k after customer loses cash
florida man busted for weapons, blames john wick
we found the foot fetish florida man
florida man blames guns found in car on 'john wick'
florida man dressed as the grim reaper is warning beachgoers to stay 6 feet apart
florida man (miami professor) shares screen with  college girl  porn bookmark, gets fired
florida man (um professor) fired after tiktok of pornographic bookmark goes viral
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin 'john wick'
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin john wick
florida man claims guns found in car belonged to his cousin  john wick  
florida man claims guns found in suv belonged to 'john wick
florida man profiting off reopen nc movement
florida man arrested after botched home castration on man he met via dark web eunuch fetish site
florida man arrested after allegedly performing botched castration surgery
florida man chases burglars at gunpoint after finding them curled up, snacking on his couch
police suspicious after florida man wipes his butt with toilet paper that came away clean
florida man claims gun found in car belongs to his cousin, john wick.
florida man is suggested to have used a turn of phrase well beyond his comprehension.
florida man cop uses taser on florida woman fianc e at her request, then gets suspended after she snitches on him after they break up
florida man charged in sex assault allegedly abducted, drugged, beat victim in camper
a florida man told cops he found a naked stranger in his bed:  it wasn t pleasant 
florida man is ready for the state to reopen
florida man claims guns found in suv belonged to 'john wick'
florida teen becomes a florida man
florida man had enough fentanyl to kill half a million people
florida man and florida woman flee from a buffalo charging their daughter who is flipped into the air and performs a complete backflip
florida man walks around beaches dressed as grim reaper to protest re-opening of public beaches
florida man finds largest known prime number
florida man takes to beaches dressed as grim reaper to protest their reopening
florida man protests beach opening dressed up like the grim reaper
florida man doesn't get 'quarantine'.
finally, a florida man i can be proud of
florida man found camping on deserted disney world island
florida man camps i m abandoned disney island
florida man claimed guns found in car belonged to his cousin... 'john wick'
florida man dressed as grim reaper to protest reopening
florida man dresses up as the grim reaper at a beach
florida man dresses up as grim reaper
florida man dresses as grim reaper to protest opening florida beaches to early.
florida man luke bryan's bar defies state orders, holds karaoke night
florida man dresses as grim reaper walks florida beaches.
florida man from alabama found camping on abandoned island in disney park during lockdown, unaware he was trespassing.
florida man optimized. caught camping on disney s discovery island says it was  tropical paradise'
take our quiz now and find out just how well you know florida man"  
florida man caught camping at disney world on abandoned attraction
florida man arrested at walt disney world trying to quarentine on discovery island
florida man "completely forgot" he had a bunch of human tongues in his crawl space
florida man abducts scientist to make his dog immortal
florida man picked by gop governor to be broward sheriff admits to fatal shooting as a teen
florida man throws urine on prosecutor during sentencing hearing in fort lauderdale
florida man stalks beach as grim reaper to protest reopening amid pandemic
florida man arrested while trying to quarantine on shuttered disney island
florida man takes free food from school nutrition program meant for students, sells it for profit
florida man labels boat  trump  after blocked from flying trump flag on dock
florida man arrested for camping at walt disney world s abandoned discovery island the fortysomething camper had been planning to stay for the week
florida man camped on disney world island at shuttered park
florida man camps at disney thinking its a tropical paradise
florida man quarantines himself on disney island. arrested
florida man sheriff shot, killed man when he was 14
florida man being the a sheriff of broward county!
florida man shoots ar-15 at dirt bikers who were  tormenting the neighborhood,  says he's doing it to 'raise awareness'
with close to 37,000 patients: businesses across florida man are reopening
florida man avoided friend for a year after borrowing his $60,000 jaguar and pawning it
florida man left son at side of highway because he might be homosexual: police - gruntstuff
florida man finally gets it right
florida man headbutts another for no good reason, goes on dmca'ing spree against video recording to buy his way out of infamy
florida man backs his car onto two parked vehicles
florida man dresses as fat jesus to help kids scarred by florida man beach grim reaper
florida man tries to get a video he doesnt own taken down after being a douchebag
florida man with ar-15 shoots neighbor while attempting to make citizens arrest.
florida man arrested after shooting neighbor while attempting to make citizens arrest
florida man arrested while wearing dinosaur costume and holding air soft gun
florida man breaks into home to make breakfast, then tells the homeowner "go back to sleep"
ex-green beret (florida man) attempts bay of pigs 2: electric boogaloo
florida man fights the law (again) and the law wins (again). with guest appearances by florida woman and florida child.
florida man throws crack pipe out window, hitting police officer in the head
florida man headbutts and punches staff in violent rampage
is it true florida man found these hornets attacking honey bee hives?   (turns out it was fake news)...i think
florida man tries to use federal aid to hire travel bloggers to promote his resort
florida man arrested for attempted overthrow of venezuelan government
florida man opn first day of floridada reopen. (citrus county, florida) [twitter]
florida man driver damages parked cars after hopping curb in citrus county [more pics in comments.]
florida man dressed as dinosaur arrested with airsoft rifle
putting florida man in a headlock
florida man backs up onto two parked cars in bank parking lot
florida man offers to fix florida unemployment system for free
florida man falls out of vehicle, crashes into building
florida man steals gator meat, tuna steaks, gets busted by tattoos,  gators  plate, wife
joel michael singer held down after headbutting man at florida restaurant
leaked photos of florida man sheriff at a swingers party.
leaked photos of florida man sheriff at swingers party.
florida man jumps into canal to avoid arrest, gets arrested on other side of canal
half-naked florida man sheriff, topless wife photographed indulging in foursome at couple-swapping party
deputies: deltona resident finds naked florida man in pool enclosure
florida man says he led an attempt to overthrow the government of venezuela
florida man thought tire blowout was a gun shot at him. calls police and is arrested for having marijuana &amp; a large sum of cash in a diaper package.
florida man lands his car on top of two others
florida man at center of trump boat parade enjoying his day in the sun ... and on the water
florida man is doing some good for a change
florida man is doing some good
florida man dressed as grim reaper haunts florida beaches to protest there reopen
florida man decides to create a car out of cannabis.
there is no pandemic,  florida man yells, with countless vulgarities interspersed throughout his rant.  you re terrorists. you re in violation of my constitutional and civil rights. 
florida man - get ready for trials...
i didn t know reigen was a florida man...
florida man backs cadillac into, and on top of two parked cars
florida man stopped from shopping at miami beach publix for not wearing mask goes on explicit rant
florida man dies after woman zips him inside suitcase
florida man wants to show everyone his junk at ihop
florida woman kills florida man in suitcase
florida man tackles deacon during saturday evening mass
florida man stumbles on biggest prime number after working plucky i5 cpu for 12 days straight
video: florida man arrested after tackling deacon during saturday mass
florida man arrested for cow manure battery
florida man was arrested yesterday on a felony battery charge after allegedly dumping a bucket of cow manure over the head of a victim, police report.
gop lawmaker shuts down 'florida man' for calling lgbt people pedophiles
entitled florida man blocks only highway in and out of the keys for crappy car pictures
florida man and pastor who claimed to cure zika now says he will cure florida of coronavirus
6 year old "florida man" arrested for throwing a temper tantrum.
6 year old "florida man" arrested for throwing a temper tantrum.
florida man is after your toes
florida man set fire to his hospital bed in an attempt to get the attention of nurses because he felt that they were ignoring him.
florida man, upset at nurses, sets fire to hospital bed
florida man arrested for sucking elderly patients toes.
florida man uses ax to bust through front door, gets shot by off-duty orange county deputy in home
florida man and democrat sue bernie sanders to keep him off the ballot
florida man couple given bloody doughnuts at a florida dunkin  doughnuts.
florida man wants $20k to build his wind powered car of the future and break the 1st law of thermodynamics.
florida man foils own burglary after cat- napping on porch after prying door open
exhausted florida man foils own bulgary by napping on porch after prying door
florida man dies inside suitcase while  playing a game  with girlfriend
florida man arrested after raping crying spongebob
florida man accused of killing his wife and three kids will face the death penalty
drone video shows florida man harassing group of manatees
florida man arrested the same day he's released from prison
florida man drives his jaguar around town with a needle in his arm
florida man sucks patients toes
florida man is dead. rip.
florida man: felony charges handed down to taylor county students who circulated picture of gun pointed at black student
florida man's dialysis center won t allow his life-size trump cutout, so this man refuses to go
florida man arrested after allegedly  offering to show his genitals  to  everyone  at ihop
obese florida man arrested after being caught with meth stuffed deep inside his belly button, admits he was "being dumb"
the florida man jackpot
florida man wants attention, sets bed on fire
florida man sets hospital bed on fire to get nurse s attention, police say
florida man and police officer arrests crying, 6-year-old girl.
florida man arrests a crying six-year-old girl.
florida man senator s anti-bernie rant may have violated florida's law against texting while driving
florida man who invented 'taco sausages' opens maga coffee shop with full-size oval office replica
florida man tackles church deacon during weekend mass
video shows florida man tackling deacon during saturday evening mass at florida church
florida man gets tickets &amp; tolls, finds lingerie in jeep after it was in repair shop
florida man - an orlando police officer - in dramatic body cam video as he arrests crying 6-year-old girl, then brags about it
florida man - an orlando police officer - caught on body cam bragging about his arrest of 6-year-old crying girl
florida man arrested for robbery using cough as a weapon
corona virus: florida man arrested for robbery using cough as a weapon
florida man shoots dog walker in leg, then steals dog, police say
florida man shoplifting suspect accused of shoving meat down his pants then stripping naked before being tased in the genitals by police
florida man refuses to attend hospital if he can t bring life size trump cut-out
florida man leaves bar, runs over girlfriend, returns to bar, deputies say
florida man threatens neighbor over yard damage: "i ll shoot that motherf ker"
florida man is a hero!
florida man is a hero today!!
by the very act of becoming a florida man, a former penssylvania man became a felon.
by the very act of becoming a florida man, a former pennsylvania man became a felon
florida man fatally shoots himself playing with his gun while waiting for a haircut.
florida man left wallet with 4000 dollars in cash at dollar because he was looking for toothpaste. to no one's surprise, it got stolen.
florida man left wallet with 4000 dollars in cash at dollar tree because he was looking for toothpaste. to no one's surprise, it got stolen by florida woman.
florida man arrested for loitering in neighborhood says he was checking security systems for president donald trump
florida man arrested after running over, killing girlfriend on i-75
florida man is 105 and enjoys dinner with his girlfriend and chicken foot soup
florida man murders another man in his car, caught on dashcam.
florida man breaks into medical marijuana dispensary at exactly 4:20 a.m.
i searched my birthday with florida man and got this
hallucinating florida man swings sledgehammer at 'demons,' damaging several homes, including his own
florida man waiting for haircut fatally shot himself while playing with gun
florida man wears f*ck the police shirt to court, and wins the case.
florida man waiting for haircut fatally shoots himself while playing with gun
florida man diagnosed with leprosy after contact with armadillo
florida man convinces people from all over the country to fedex tens of thousands of dollars in cash to his motel room to get a virus off their computers
florida man and his florida gf are left  reeling and disgusted  after they find their dunkin  doughnut is covered in blood
florida man uses a private plane to draw something over florida
florida man arrested for tranquilizing and raping alligators in everglades
florida man test drives the new mid-engined corvette c8!!!
florida man sets fire to own house, trapping himself inside
so, i did this thing about searching for "florida man" and then your birthdate, and look at this thing...
florida man pulls gun and says, "i'll kill anybody in here!" after he was honked at in the burger king drive-thru
florida man dressed as fred flintstone pulled over for driving  footmobile 
shirtless florida man had toddler tucked between his legs on a motorcycle.
florida man fatally shot himself while playing with gun
florida man assults his mother with potato soup
florida man upset he can't bring cutout of donald trump to dialysis
florida man told he can't bring life-size trump cutout to dialysis for emotional support
florida man buys 30k electric motorcycle to do burn outs.
florida man arrested for having 78 pounds of meth in van
florida man sy sperling - hair club for men founder - passes away at 78
florida man calls police department to report being shot at by man he robbed, stabbed
florida man victim of red flag laws in case of mistaken identity
florida man arrested in montana after 78 pounds of meth were found in his rental car.
florida man sues pete buttigieg, elizabeth warren over trayvon martin birthday tweets
florida man enjoys taste of goats also ran for office, but lets focus on the goat blood here
florida man had toddler tucked between his legs on motorcycle
florida man, a spokesman for miami mayor, forcefully kissed and sent penis picture to child
florida man arrested for trying to  barbecue  pedophiles
florida man gets year in jail for molesting grand haven-area teen
florida man arrested after allegedly 'pleasuring himself' in neighbor's yard, passing out on porch
florida man has complete normal day
florida man arrested for threatened "sugar daddy" escort..."she touched everything in my house but my d**k"
florida man arrested for pulling gun on escort. "she was touching everything in my house but my dick"
florida man found grenade while fishing and then took the explosive to taco bell
florida man, machete, and bathroom manners.
florida man sues warren and buttigieg, claims they branded him as racist in trayvon martin tribute to garner black votes.
florida man is real
florida man opens right-wing coffee shop called 'conservative grounds' so people can congregate "without the scourge of liberalism 
florida man arguing with wife on valentine's day derails marc maron standup set
florida man charged after 78 pounds of meth found in van.
florida man discovered with jars of human tongues under his home.
florida man named love gets in shootout with ex s boyfriend on valentine s day, police say
florida man finds naked intruder in bed
florida man makes his way into r/subredditsimulator
florida man climbs radio tower to flee from registering as a sex offender
florida man finds human reminds underneath his home
thong-wearing florida man arrested while building shed with garbage on stranger's property
florida man thought he was stealing opioids but instead got laxatives, police say
florida man claims syringes in his rectum weren t his
florida man finds jars filled with human remains underneath his home
florida man with no pants rants in trailer park
florida man spends 7 hours in a 365-foot-tall radio tower to get away from cops
florida woman assaults man with a golf cart after domestic dispute. my hometown...
florida man not allowed to bring cutout of trump to dialysis appointment
florida man tells police he'd rather go to jail than see his parents
florida man banned from hunting in colorado after illegal kills
florida man causes thousands of dollars worth of property damage trying to kill  demons 
florida man - human remains found in jars under florida home
sex offender florida man climbs 365-foot radio tower to flee from police
florida man who escaped cops in the nude had meat falling out of panta
florida man who escaped cops in the nude had meat falling out of pants
florida man known as mr. hubbard may have been a 'pirate' who led a secret u.s. invasion of cuba.
florida man hides jars filled with human tongues into a crawlspace under his house, moves out and forgets about them until years later when another florida man doing a home inspection finds them and freaks the hell out
florida man lawyer covered in molasses had clothes ripped off by roaming hogs
florida man complains after dialysis center prevents him from bringing trump cutout to treatment
florida man &amp; friends move to hong kong
florida man stumbles his way past security at condo tower, ends up in $4 million penthouse owned by taylor swift's dad
florida man gets naked to escape deland store; ribeyes fall out of his pants
florida man bungles burglary of his own store
florida man throws firecrackers under child's bed
florida man: dialysis center won't allow life-sized trump cutout as emotional support
dolphins shot and stabbed by florida man wash up on beach
florida man unleashes pitbull on cops
florida man with hepatitis a sues denny s
florida man: dialysis center won't allow life-sized trump as emotional support
florida man  pulls over  officer to ask for directions, gets busted for dui
florida man has to shut down part of a park due to annual snake orgy
florida man has some competition from florida snake
florida man wrangles cows loose on highway after accident
florida man uses cast to get into home, saves elderly neighbor.
florida man fabricated details of his daughter's kidnapping because he didn't believe the police would take her abduction seriously
florida man complains after dialysis center prevents him from bringing trump cutout to treatment | thehill
florida man plows van into voter registration tent nearly hitting 6 volunteers
florida man stabs roommate and claims he was sleep walking.
caught on ring: florida man gets caught touching himself while looking through stranger's window!
florida man assaults trump supporters with a cane sword
florida man reviews lemonade
hologram-wielding florida-men abducted woman, man claims
florida man claims wife was kidnapped by holograms.
a florida man attacked his daughter and her teen sister with a machete, police say
florida man arrested for reportedly tossing gator into wendy's
florida man who drove van into gop voter tent said it was because he 'does not like' trump
florida man attacks daughter, teen sister with machete
i pulled you over : florida man arrested for dui after pulling cop over to ask for directions
florida man not allowed his emotional support trump
florida man try s to support black history month.
florida man tries to support black history month. goes as well as you would expect.
when florida man meets florida woman: florida couple arrested for selling tickets to heaven
florida man jailed after jilted jacksonville jaguars jumbo-tron jackassery jolts jurisdiction to get justice for jamming juveniles with johnson.
florida man pretends to be part of wu-tang clan, federally charged with fraud
florida man goes to airport with nearly $200,000 in cash, has it seized by the government, which refuses to give it back
florida man pretended to be member of wu-tang clan in fraud scheme
florida man title bestowed upon minnesota man while visiting.
florida man upset he can t bring cutout of president trump to dialysis
florida man upset he can t bring cutout of president trump to dialysis
florida man upset he can t bring emotional support cutout of trump to dialysis
florida man upset he can't bring cutout of donald trump to dialysis
florida man upset he can t bring life-size trump cutout to his dialysis treatments
not all florida men are bad, two years ago florida man aaron feis shielded students as he was shot to death. he died a hero.
2 years ago today florida man aaron feis shielded 3 girls from gunfire. feis unfortunately died, but he died a hero and will never ever be forgotten.
florida man not allowed to bring his life sized emotional support cutout of trump to dialysis appointment
florida man who robbed bank out of depression because of his wife s death will not face jail time. florida man just needs a hug.
florida man names shark after his wife for valentine s day
florida man slashes daughter and stepdaughter with machete
best florida man stories of 2019 
dolphins?! seriously? what the hell florida man?
florida man: "he spiralled"
florida man looking for auto parts store gets directions to jail
florida man not allowed to bring cutout of trump to dialysis appointment
florida man is charged with trying to rape a woman in the aisles of a busy walmart
florida man is charged with trying to rape a woman in the aisles of a busy walmart - suspect claimed he became aroused after seeing victim holding syrup bottle
shoppers subdue florida man trying to rape woman inside walmart
florida woman wants to have sex with florida man, but he isn t in the mood, prompting police response
florida man attempts to cash $368 billion check
florida man fighting to take emotional support cutout of president trump to dialysis appointment
florida man who manages ice rink for kids caught on video putting phone camera under teen girl's skirt while waiting in line at the chipotle he eats at nearly every day
in episode 133 of florida men: florida woman didn t have a notepad, so she used a baby instead, florida man points out a landing airplane with a laser, florida man celebrated easter a bit early this year, and florida man needs to learn how to pump gas.
florida man (and baseball player) arrested for masturbating in his car outside a dollar tree parking lot.
florida man arrested for masturbating outside a dollar tree parking lot
florida man "pulls over" officer to ask for directions, gets busted for dui
florida man throws "liquid feces" into officer's eye in santa rosa county
florida man gets finger bitten off by an alligator. alligator kinda shows off his new finger.
florida man gets mind controlled prosthetic
police: florida man calls department to report being shot at by man he robbed, stabbed
florida man fabricated details about daughter's kidnapping because he was afraid the cops wouldn't take him seriously
florida man finds 7-foot alligator inside garage
florida man faces over 7,000 years in prison for child porn
florida man 'pulls over deputy,' gets arrested for dui and possession of cocaine
two florida man running tech support scam sites sentenced to 10 years each.
just a  rant by an idiot : charges dropped against florida man accused of threatening to kill trump
cane sword-wielding florida man accused of threatening trump supporters
florida man undergoes lasik eye surgery after 30-int season
florida man! why does so much weird offbeat news come out of florida?
florida man impersonates federal marshal
florida man shoots own car, then fires into traffic.
florida man shoots own car, then fires into traffic
florida man dragged his dog for 100 yards and punched out two witnesses, deputies say
florida man impersonated state prosecutors in order to drop charges against himself
florida man accused of impersonating state prosecutors sentenced to 10 years in prison
florida man accused of third dui drove wrong way with baby in truck, police say
florida man faces over 7,000 years in prison after gwinnett child porn arrest
florida lawyer proves he is just florida man with a fancy degree
florida man at it again
florida man charged with intentionally driving into republican voter sign-up tent
this florida man / woman / dog has been trained well.
florida man arrested after van driven through gop voter registration tent
florida man kicked officer, led chase and engaged in standoff
florida man calls police to report being shot at by man he robbed, stabbed
wow: 11 year old florida man runs a mile for each first responder across the nation who has fallen in the line of duty.
florida man politicians try to legalize discrimination with bills introduced at last possible minute
florida man accused of driving van into trump-supporters' tent reportedly smiles while entering court
florida man accused of threatening to assassinate president trump
florida man arrested for hanging from a traffic light and pooping on cars
wholesome elderly florida man living life to its fullest
typical deranged left-wing florida man drives his van with malice into innocent harmless campaign volunteers then flips them off before driving away.
deranged left-wing florida man drives his van with malice into campaign volunteers, flips them off then drives away.
deranged typical left-wing florida man drives his pedo van with malice into innocent campaign volunteers, flips them off then drives away.
florida man sets fire to apartment to escape sex noise
florida man with connections to china misspent grant money, forcing cancer center to return $1 million to florida dept of health
florida man vendor charges $724 for beer at hard rock stadium
florida man dupes valet parking employ to let him take rolls-royce for a joyride, promptly crashes it.
florida man dupes valet parking employee to let him take rolls-royce for a joyride, promptly crashes it.
florida man texted "yuh dead today" to murder victim before killing him later that day for a voodoo curse that the victim supposedly cast.
here's your not so typical florida man caught in action....
florida man arrested after allegedly driving van into gop registration tent
florida man drives van into tent full of trump supporters. trump fires back
florida man claims crack cocaine in his car
police use stun guns to extract florida man from walmart ceiling
florida man detained outside white house with knife and plan to  assassinate  trump
florida man arrested after driving van through gop voter registration tent.
florida man keeps bags of drugs in a bag labeled  bag of drugs 
so this guy is a florida man. 107 and still showing off.
florida man and his 'paw-tner' in crime both taken into custody
florida man in police custody, along with his dog, after shoplifting from bass pro shops.
florida man buys race track, says i just want to have fun with my friends
the real origin story of florida man
florida man sheriff s deputy caught on video threatening high school kid who s trying to leave the school parking lot to go to the dentist
florida man firefighters fired after getting into a fight on scene
florida man firefighters fired after getting into a fight on scene of a medical call
102 of the craziest florida man stories from 2019
puppy in crime: deputies take florida man, dog into custody in theft
florida man gets arrested for the 66th time
florida man cartoonist jailed for obscenity 26 years ago just got off probation
a florida man confessed to killing his ex's 95-year-old lover and called it a "life goal," police said
florida man stung over 100 times trying to save his dog from bees
florida man avoids jail time after headbutting cop and calling him "fat fucker"
107-year-old florida man possibly oldest driver in america
after 2 supreme court wins, florida man gets $875k from city
florida man has a new nemesis: florida monkey.
naked florida man performs strange dance at mcdonalds before trying to have relations with railing
florida man who fought a years-long feud with neighbors and city over an absolutely epic christmas lights display dies
107-year-old florida man still living large with driver s license, 99-year-old fianc e: report
florida man sells drugs in bags labeled "bag full of drugs"
florida man jailed in nursing home homicide says he 'accomplished my life goal' - news - the palm beach post
after 2 supreme court wins, florida man gets $875k from city
florida man in easter bunny outfit arrested after hit-and-run crash, troopers say
bar complaint filed against florida man, matt gaetz, for  grave misconduct  for obstructing the impeachment inquiry
florida man gets arrested for the 66th time
florida man caught with bag of drugs labeled  bag of drugs  in large bold letters
florida man gets pulled over, busted for his bag full of drugs, despite him cleverly disguising it by labelling it "bag full of drugs"
florida man calls cops claiming someone shipped him a package containing the coronavirus. because that's how you catch it, right? through the mail?
florida man goes viral thanks to dance videos made for his newborn son in nicu
florida man impersonated his alcoholic father to sleep with his mother
florida man arrested in nursing home murder said he accomplished his 'life goal'
florida man  did not like the way his father treated him,  so he killed him, police say
florida [man] bolts a flashlight near the car s license plate. but is that legal?
florida man/woman leaves florida kids in a walmart parking lot
police: florida man wrecks liquor shop, bkames  hooka-smoking caterpillar 
normal club: man gets high and pissed drunk | florida club: man climbs high balcony, gets drunk, pisses on everyone
florida man arrested for drug possession after cops find drugs in a bag labeled "bag full of drugs"
florida man flew plus-sized woman from nebraska for sex trafficking, police say
florida man loses 160 pounds to achieve lifelong dream of becoming a soldier
florida man shot by puppy
florida man said he was threatened over anti-trump golf cart
florida man arrested for stealing costumes from magic kingdom sentenced to 10 years probation
florida man arrested after hanging navy vet's service dog with electrical cord, punching his son, 16: reports
florida man accused of filming coworkers in daycare bathroom
florida man package labeled 'bag full of drugs' leads to florida arrests
florida man arrested after police find drugs in bag labeled "bag full of drugs"
busted florida man had narcotics inside pouches labeled  bag full of drugs'
florida man dies at sugar mountain while sledding on ski slopes after hours
florida man dies at sugar mountain while sledding down ski slopes after hours
florida man buys 63 acres of race track and stadium to "watch his friends do burnouts"
florida man dispenses sage advice: when going hunting for invasive burmese pythons, don't shoot them, it's harder than it looks
florida man flees cops so fast, some of his clothes come off. so police identify him with dna from his sock.
forget florida man : roving band of herpes-ridden monkeys now roaming northeast florida
florida man turns $500k home into rainbow nightmare to get back at dad
temporary florida man climbs on balcony at night club, starts pissing off the railing and hits two women in the face and mouth with his urine.
man threatens to shoot up brass monkey bar in florida keys, deputies say
florida man threatens to shoot up brass monkey bar in florida keys, deputies say
florida man uses wisconsin woman's debit card information to buy pizza
anti-trump florida man likes to protest with his "f*ck donald trump" golf cart outside the mostly-republican florida villages. his ftd golf cart features signs such as "hitler and trump exactly same dna" and "trump is a sexual predator".
florida man mistakenly pumps gas onto the deck of his boat instead of gas tank
florida man beats up atm after it gave him to much money
from 1926: florida man wins countess by mail
florida man: the cartoon
florida man spray paints the world "slur" in bar bathroom, police say
florida man makes suicide look like homicide
florida man makes suicide look like homicide with a weather balloon
florida man purchases abandoned race track and absolutely kills a news interview
florida man notices night of the falling iguanas - makes soup.
florida man  a one minute fictional short film made in tribute to the hero
florida man leads deputies on wild chase, with 2 kids in backseat
florida man makes underwater handgun to kill venomous fish.
will florida man go free for medical reasons 5 months after 1st degree murder conviction?
florida man , rick scott accused of erasing evidence in nursing home deaths
florida man student feels trapped in apocalypse amidst wuhan virus outbreak
florida man runs from a crime scene so fast that his clothes fly off, cops are able to catch him from dna found in his sock
florida man by 3st - a hype song love letter to the world's worst superhero
florida man swallows bag of meth, drives at patrol car, crashes while fleeing
florida man threatens to shoot up dentist's office after denture dispute
pos florida man
nude florida man found dead on killer whale's back
florida man (gym teacher) arrested for farting on a student
drug dealing florida man calls 911 after losing his cocaine
entrepreneurial florida man turns "it's raining frozen iguanas" situation into "hey, everyone, who wants to try my delicious iguana broth? it's just like chicken soup!"
florida man ate his name
florida man sends sister to dentist to pick up his dentures, dentist refuses to give her the dentures, says patient must get them, man then threatens to "come down there and shoot up all you motherf-----s. 
florida man enters lely high school despite security improvements
suspicious florida man enters lely high school despite security improvements
florida man pretending to be mcdonald s cashier fakes taking order, takes cash, deputies say
florida man attacks man with sword during argument, sends him to hospital
florida man accidently pumps 60 dollars of gasoline in his boat
florida man hunting iguanas with pellet guns puts 2 schools on lockdown
injured florida man uses cast on his arm to get into a house and saves a senior citizen from fire
florida man arrested for hanging from traffic lights and pooping on cars
florida man suing florida neighbor over outlandish paint job: "i have just never seen anything like this", "unsightly and obnoxious."
florida man arrested after pointing lasers at planes
florida man pumps 30 gallons of gas into cockpit of fishing boat. no word on whether or not he tried to steer the boat by climbing into the fuel tank.
florida man takes breathalyzer to giant pirate parade. disovers pirates are too drunk to gauge how drunk they are.
florida man hunting iguanas causes school lockdown.
florida man pumps 30 gallons into wrong hole at orlando gas station prompting hazmat response
florida man pretending to be mcdonald s cashier fakes taking order, takes cash
florida man this is what florida consumers don t see when they re insurance companies get sued on their behalf by scheisty lawyers...what a crock of shii. no wonder insurance rates are the highest in the country for home and auto...
florida man turned into florida baby with attempted murder charge
florida man turned florida baby with attempted murder charge
florida man with no arms arrested for stabbing tourist
florida man destroys produce section in grocery store
florida man pumps 30 gallons of gas into his boat cockpit
florida man puts screwdriver up his butt, requires surgery
florida man arrested for stealing drills, batteries to pay for his ankle monitor fee
florida man sued by neighbors after splashing paint all over his house
florida man 9-year-old kid stabs 5-year-old rollerskating sister in the back chanting "die! die!"
florida man arrested for pointing lasers at planes
family of florida man found decomposed with stab wounds in home as new details emerge
florida man family s bodies were wrapped in blankets, decomposing in master bedroom of home
florida man paid ecuadorian officials $4.4 million in bribes
florida man and two buddies play cards while waiting for traffic light to change
florida man punches customer in chick-fil-a drive thru for honking his horn, deputies say
florida man beat up after inappropriately touching child
florida man arrested for pointing laser at planes landing at sarasota-bradenton international airport
florida man known for easter bunny fight arrested after hit-and-run
florida man spied on those using his bathroom
florida man goes bankrupt shorting tesla, fills car with human poop and throws feces at pedestrians
florida man decides he's going to try a carjacking, picks car with an undercover cop inside
florida man gets suspended from his job as a cop for wife's facebook posts against rashida tlaib
after years of pushing sandy hook conspiracy theories, florida man who worked with alex jones is arrested for sharing sandy hook parent's ssn
florida man who claims to be trump spiritual advisor prays for 'all satanic pregnancies to miscarry right now'
florida man who's up for reelection accused of plotting bitcoin ransom scheme against his own office.
most outlandish 'florida man/woman' news items of 2019
florida man accused of pointing lasers at landing planes, injuring a pilot
florida man faces charges after allegedly pointing lasers at landing planes
florida man arrested for picking mushrooms with alligator in backpack.
florida man arrested for pointing lasers as planes landed
florida man accused of pointing laser attached to ar-15 at martin county sheriff's office helicopter
man arrested for aiming ar-15-mounted laser at florida police helicopter
florida man arrested for aiming ar-15-mounted laser at florida police helicopter
florida man steals goods to pay for ankle monitor fee
florida man tells cops "i m the orlando easter bunny, google it" after getting arrested for hit-and-run. it did not get him off the hook.
florida man and friends play a round of uno at traffic intersection
i m the orlando easter bunny, google it'   florida man arrested after hit-and-run
florida man accused of pointing lasers at planes, injuring a pilot
florida man wow
florida man caught on camera licking doorbell
florida man who previously went viral for fighting in a rabbit suit, is charged with hit and run after attempting to evade police in same rabbit suit
florida man dressed as easter bunny to escape after a hit-and-run, cops say. it got even weirder.
florida man turns half million dollar home into multi-color nightmare
florida man - woman shoplifts bomb ingredients at walmart, tries to blow up the walmart
florida man gets taken down by easter bunny
florida man proposes baby-dumping boxes - if you have a spare.
florida man starts fake police force and gets charged for impersonating an officer
florida man at it again
florida man gets complements from strangers about his cool batman jacket. so he swings a baseball bat at them.
florida man tries to break into occupied car at a stop light because "google told me that it was my day and that i could have anything i wanted without paying". also, he's a registered sex offender
unsure how to deal with cold weather, florida man sets fire to his apartment to keep warm
florida man jumped overboard from royal caribbean ship and dropped 177 feet, reports say
florida man temporarily blinds pilot with laser pointer, sheriff says
florida man is #1 most likely to be attacked by a shark **((gallery))**
florida man didn't think anyone would notice if he cashed a $980,000 tax refund on income of less than $19,000.
florida man blinds pilot with laser pointer
florida man punches deputy multiple times in face: video
suspected pillowcase rapist - a florida man - kept trinkets in safes from dozens of victims
florida man famous for breaking up fight in bunny costume arrested for hit-and-run, left shoe behind
florida man, perhaps unfamiliar with cold weather, sets house on fire
florida man choked cat to death at a st. pete wawa
not all florida men are infamous. let s make this one famous. florida man dies in plane crash while fighting the australia wildfires. rip, sir. you made us proud.
florida man punches hungry honker in chick-fil-a drive-thru
florida man thought it would be okay to rinse out $400m from a $4bn cryptocurrency scam and jail would be optional...
join my official florida man discord server
florida man uses a lighter to carjack a mercedes
florida man deputy eats nothing but combos for lunch.
florida man tries to jump off cruise ship and live to tell the story, fails.
game: google florida man + bday. mine: fl man arrested with two cans of fart spray. share yours in a comment
florida man jailed on dui charge after consuming  one beer,  soiling himself.
florida man sells fallen iguanas as street meat on facebook
florida man says he's going to kill neighbors with kindness then tries to kill them with machete named "kindness"
florida man dies on gay atlantis cruise after jumping overboard
florida man tattoos himself with shitty wish. com tattoo gun and feels regret afterwards
florida man, back at it again!
florida man goes bankrupt shorting tesla, fills car with human poop and throws feces at pedestrians - the stonk market
florida man thought he had a pretty wise scheme going when he fooled the irs into giving him a nearly $1 million tax refund on only $19,000 annual income. now he's going to prison for three years.
the misadventures of  florida man  a google slide by me
florida man warns watch out for falling iguanas cold tonight
florida man argues with his boss about politics, stabs him with a trowel, and drapes his body with an american flag
national weather service warns florida man and fellow floridians that it might rain iguanas. florida man shrugs, apparently this is not that uncommon in his neck of the woods.
national weather service that it might rain iguanas in florida. florida man shrugs, because apparently this isn't unheard of in the land of the florida man.
florida man and cop with a history of shooting unarmed black men, responds to allegations of racism by declaring: "i now identify as a black man." surprisingly, people have a problem with this
florida man sues pirate club over deafness due to cannon blast
florida man accused of wearing werewolf mask while torturing 2-year-old girl kills himself
florida man with anti-government beliefs killed pro-trump boss then draped american flag over his body
florida man arrested for revving his lawnmower
florida man is suing pirates.
florida man creates a viral sex trafficking hoax, tells drivers to run over people in the streets
florida man loads car with frozen iguanas, they warm up, come back to life, cause car accident
florida man suing pirates over loud cannon
florida man fatally stabs his employer on turnpike in orange county
florida man attempts to hide underwater from cops, gets arrested after coming up for air
florida man runs to bermuda in a giant bubble | wtflorida
florida man interviews
florida man rescues jetski rider hit by fishing boat. he did it by quickly jumping off a yacht onto his own jetski.
florida man is not rambo! hiding under water to evade capture by police, didn't work!
florida man tries running to bermuda in a bubble
florida man drove on airport runway after stealing fedex truck to get home
florida man with coors light spilled in rental truck told troopers, "i don't drink"
welcome to miami, super bowl fans. here s florida man dave barry s official guide to south florida
florida man finally has sex
florida man killed pro-trump boss on florida s turnpike over politics, placed american flag near body, affidavit says
florida man on live pd. tallahassee. every time!!!!! what i do?!?!?!??!
florida man sought hit man to kill his brother
florida man with coors light spilled in rental truck told troopers, 'i don't drink'
florida man who was called the  pillowcase rapist  who attacked over 40 south florida women arrested
florida man  pillowcase rapist  who terrorized women in the 1980s arrested.
florida man drives drunk while shooting assault rifle
florida man attempts to hide underwater from cops, gets arrested after coming up for air, police say
florida man offered to pay officer with hamburger for oral sex, police say
florida man in maryland deliberately runs over seagulls
regional pilot florida man caught on camera writing pro-trump graffiti, racial slurs at tallahassee airport
florida man mayor jailed for stealing $650k from united way
florida man mayor guy thompson sentenced to 51 months in prison for embezzling from united way
florida man get arrested after he hires undercover detective to kill his brother
florida man with a pair of hover shoes rolled into a walmart, stuffed his cart, and rolled right back without paying anything
florida man runs more than 1000 miles to bermuda in a giant bubble
ultra marathon runner florida man attempts to run over 1000 miles to bermuda in a giant bubble, again
florida man runs to bermuda in a giant bubble
florida man through bermuda
florida man dead from meth overdose, found half-eaten by alligator.
florida man runs to bermuda across the ocean, dressed in a huge, air-filled bubble.
florida man sought hit man to kill his brother
florida man steals vehicle after driving into marina, crashes into building, volusia county deputies say
florida man accused of drunkenly driving down a1a and repeatedly firing ar-15-type rifle
florida man breaks into house, naps on couch
florida man who is a u.s. rep. is accused of creating sex game with 'points' for sleeping with staff
florida man drives drunk down a1a while firing an assault rifle
kansas city radio station owned by florida man agrees to broadcast russian-owned  propaganda  program
florida man gets prison time for stealing deed to new $219,000 home midway through closing meeting
florida man fires assault rifle while driving drunk
florida man basically starts his own police department by calling it a funeral escort business (video in article)
florida man set to walk across nicaraguan volcano
florida man finds wwii grenade and brings it to taco bell
florida man epitomized: florida supreme court upholds unconstitutional poll tax
florida man tranquilized and raped alligators
florida man wearing "hover shoes" brazenly rolls out of walmart with cart of stolen goods / boing boing
florida man facing dui arrest offers deputies free mma classes if they let him go
florida man wearing hover shoes caught stealing $500 worth of merchandise from walmart
florida man who calls himself 'captain,' dresses as pirate, doesn't like other people using the name 'gasparilla'
florida man in hover shoes steals $500 worth of merchandise from walmart
florida man filmed writing racist graffiti at airport where he works
assault with a deadly weapon: florida man charged with throwing alligator into wendy s
florida man arrested after police mistake his donut for meth
florida man avoids capital punishment by fighting russian separatists in eastern ukraine
florida man vs. the deplorable 88
florida man as always
florida man..meet florida woman.
florida man offers deputies free mma classes if they let him go
florida man allegedly admits to killing family and dog in celebration, florida
florida man steals guitars signed by dylan, springsteen, clapton, mccartney and u2 - gets arrested when he tries to pawn them
florida man with cocaine in hat says drugs not his
florida man "...didn't take into account he's not a fish..." suwannee sheriff's office
florida man "...didn t take into account he s not a fish.." suwannee sheriff's dept.
florida man dressed as rabbit fights man outside a bar
florida man tries to avoid arrest by hiding underwater in a pond, gets caught when he comes up for air
florida man tries to avoid arrest by hiding underwater in a pond, gets caught when he comes up for air
florida man with cocaine in hat says drugs not his
florida man hits a new low and murders man with his pt cruiser.
florida man facing dui arrest offers deputies free mma classes if they let him go, report says
armadillo hunter florida man diagnosed with leprosy from contact with armadillos
florida man pulls 12-ft alligator from storm drain using winch on a truck
florida man rescues citizens with concealed gun
florida man driving drunk told the cops they could have a free month of mma classes if they let him go. they didn't take the offer.
florida man scammed wal-mart for over a million dollars
florida man breaks into family car lot, sets 9 vehicles on fire
florida man diagnosed with leprosy years after contact with armadillo, study shows
florida man kills  em with kindness
florida man refuses to remove aggressive squirrels in a home
florida man (teen) refuses to cooperate
florida man caught abusing teen daughter and dog
tallahassee police: florida man stole fedex truck to get home, drove onto airport runway
florida man assaults 14 year old daughter and threatens to cut dogs' eyes out, all on video, and florida state lets florida man out on $4,000 bail
florida woman pays $450 per date to a matchmaking business hoping to get set up with gentlemen, instead gets sent to dinner with a florida man in flip flops who won't stop cursing
77 year old florida man scammed out of $999,999.999 by his 26 year old wife
not exactly florida man but...
florida man falls into alligator pit (sfw)
florida man nabbed at seekonk atm gets three years in prison for bank fraud
florida man accused of stealing pfd money from alaskans
how smoking hot affair between orlando rookie firefighter and her much older battalion chief has blown up into a four-alarm sex scandal, as florida man details promiscuity inside stations where officials had a threesome in ambulance
bae calls cops over florida man refusing to pay for  gold steak  (video)
salt bae calls cops over florida man refusing to pay for  gold steak  (video)
florida man gets into chase with cops, crashing into a brick mailbox, then a tree, and then catching fire, and still manages to get away. oh and he was driving a truck with a trailer! and they still couldn't catch him.
florida man governor will honor local python-hunting florida man and florida woman in state of the state address
florida man goes to sleep, wakes up in river
florida man stalker stripped naked while victim s husband held him at gunpoint
florida man uses brilliant powers of deduction. believes exploding atms across the city are connected.
florida man caught on video abusing teen who installed cameras in home
florida man arrested after breaking into house then taking off his clothes
florida man the... fisherman .??
police arrest florida man over a donut | vice
florida man starts off the year with a bang
florida man starts off the year with a bang
florida man wakes up to burglar sucking on his toes
what a way to wake up! florida man arrested after falling asleep in stolen car.
florida man breaking into home to suck toes
florida man jailed after fighting coworker over iran, trump
florida man is stepping up his game
florida man accused of stealing golf balls, beating golfer
a florida man was seen  nodding off  while driving. it s his third dui, deputies say
half-naked florida man smears his crap and cake frosting in elementary school, cops say
florida man arrested for hanging from a traffic light and pooping on cars
florida man, pastor and bishop, raped at least 40 boys over four decades, police say
nsfw* [comedy podcast] florida man or not? comedians read through stories from florida and other states and try to guess if it took place in the sunshine state. check it out!
florida man sentenced to 90 days in jail after spitting on man wearing 'maga' hat, court rules
florida man convicted of smuggling lizards from philippines to massachusetts
florida man gets 90 days in jail for spitting on florida mans maga hat (video)
florida man threatens president trump
florida man charged with impersonating a security member for trump's marine one
florida man snorts dried sperm thinking it was cocaine, contracts herpes and syphilis
florida man lists heart-shaped potato on facebook for $4,500
florida man accused of smuggling lizards
florida man attempts to steal golf balls, beats elderly golfer
florida woman smiled during her mugshot after she was charged with trying urinate on a police officer as well as running over a man with her car.
florida man linked to identity theft involving pfd payments, alaska investigator says
florida man wakes up to find a stranger sucking his toes
florida man exposes coppa on youtube! | why coppa isn't a big deal
police respond after neighbors report florida man crying "let me out!". turns out it was a florida bird.
florida man breaks into jail to hang out with his friends
florida man charged with threatening to kill trump to avenge soleimani
florida man shoots ak-47 wielding robber: "i emptied the glock in his chest"
florida man u/diet_coke is afraid of differing opinions so he locks posts.
florida man, 21, ran over a 75-year-old vietnam veteran on purpose 'so he could see what it's like after planning to kill someone for months'
florida man wakes up to find thief sucking his toes in brazen and bizarre break-in
naked florida man, high on meth, bites k-9 dog, assaults officer
florida man shot over three cases of natty ice
florida woman accused of trying to pee on cop, running down man with her bmw
i had pooped,  florida man says after video shows him allegedly shopping for father at department s expense
alexa helps nab florida man charged with robbing assisted living facility
florida woman tried to pee on a cop who busted her for ramming a man with her bmw
florida man turns the tables: man shoots, kills home intruder with intruder's gun
florida man who spat on florida man with maga hat gets jail time
florida man refuses to pay for gold-plated steak he didn't order, salt bae calls cops
salt bae s restaurant called cops on florida man who wouldn t pay for gold-wrapped steaks
florida man arrest after throwing pop tart at wife police say
there's a florida man article in the wii+internet channel's news channel showcase
florida man and teacher charged after video shows student physically removed from class
florida man wakes to intruder sucking his toes
florida man stopped by witnesses after pulled down 63-year-old woman s pants to film her butt, police say
florida man stopped by wittnesses after he pulled down 63-year-old woman s pants to film her butt, police say
florida man crashes car into two culverts, six mailboxes, a trashcan, a road sign and a toy dump truck. (with photos of damage to toy dump truck)
florida man is typical pit owner.
florida man teacher who looks like a wrestler arrested for sending kid to detention by his neck.
florida man &amp; prostitution sting nabs pro golfer, pastor, over 100 others
unlucky florida man thought he was stealing opioids, but they were laxatives
florida man who spat on florida man with maga hat gets jail time
florida man who became the first person in america to legally have no gender, now says it was all a big mistake.. blames mental illness
florida man charged with animal cruelty after dog found with rusty collar grown into wound on its neck
florida man beats elderly victim, steals golf balls in attack on course
nice job florida man  
florida man runs into burning home to save family.
florida man attacks a young girl
florida man breaks into home, steals nothing and sucks the sleeping victim s toes.
florida man serial police impersonator caught by his own body camera
florida man wakes to find a stranger sucking his toes
florida man wakes up to find burglar sucking his toes
florida man - christmas toes
florida man admitted after inserting battery up his anus to boost his energy
florida man pretends to be prosecutor, tries to drop charges against himself
florida woman accused of hitting man with bmw, trying to urinate on deputy
florida man threatens to kill trump while dressed with a shower curtain
florida woman smiles for mugshot after allegedly hitting man with car, trying to urinate on sheriff's deputy
florida man stealing from elderly assisted-living resident gets busted... by alexa
florida man threatens to kill president trump
florida man dressed in shower curtain threatens to kill president trump
florida man dressed in shower curtain threatens to kill president trump
florida man, on mdma, gets stranded on lake fountain while trying to be with the swans because  they don t judge him. 
florida man tries to bypass presidential security
florida man woke to intruder trying to 'suck toes' on christmas eve
florida man says burglar broke into his home, sucked on his toes, deputies say
florida police were called on florida man for a woman screaming 'let me out.'
florida man caught with child porn at best buy
florida man stole tip jar from god caf  after being given free drink.
florida man who forgave camp guard may have lied about being holocaust survivor
florida man stole tip jar from god caf  after being given free drink
florida man poses as prosecutor to drop charges against himself gets charged with more felonies
florida man surprisingly not involved: mississippi man arrested after trying to cash $100,000 scratch-off lottery ticket with glued-on numbers
florida man drops 160 pounds to join the army
florida man wakes up to a toe-sucking burglar
florida man steals pet iguana from smoke shop
florida man takes pet iguana from smoke shop
florida man calls 911 to report...himself drunk driving
the florida man subreddit simulator bot is on fire today
florida man complication.
florida man stops funeral procession and learns it is unwise to fight the police
florida man came here to austin i guess.
florida man drops 165 sounds to join army
florida man tased after slinging penis, profanities at deputies
florida man breaks into jail to hang out with his friends
florida woman accused of hitting man with bmw, trying to pee on deputy still manages to smile in mug shot
florida man most popular names (1960-2019)
florida woman accused of hitting man with bm, trying to pee on deputy
florida man pretends to be prosecutor, tries to drop charges against himself
florida man claims wife was kidnapped by holograms
florida man calls 911 to report stolen cocain
the florida man song
60 times florida man did something so crazy we had to read the headings twice
toe-licious! florida man wakes up to find another man sucking on his toes
florida man appears to be homeless and has a  strong odor of feces. 
florida man beat another with ax handle after argument over flashlight, deputies say
florida man wakes to having toes sucked by florida man
florida man says burglar broke into his home, sucked on his toes, deputies say
florida man says burglar broke into his home sucked his toes
florida man records florida cow running wild through the highway during rush hour traffic
uk florida man denies attack with seagull
florida man tased after slinging penis, profanities at deputies
florida man strikes again!
florida man hand
florida man saw a list of his town's school lunch debt. so he paid the entire bill
florida man wakes up and finds a stranger sucking on toes
florida man breaks into a house to suck toes
florida man investigated after neighbor mistakes his parrot for a woman screaming for help
florida man ends american football's greatest dynasty in history by running a lot.
florida man wakes to find floridaman burglar sucking his toes, deputies say
florida man receives a visit from the police after his neighbor mistakes his parrot for a woman screaming for help
florida man arrested after trying to pay for hotel room with counterfeit money that had chinese writing.
florida man clings to moving truck to save kidnapped daughters
florida man reports woman screaming for help, deputies discover it was a parrot
florida man is coming for that dang mouse!
florida man crashes his vehicle into a chuck e cheeses
florida man breaks into home to suck toes
florida man 'violently' punches gas pumps, car wash drive thru and trees after argument with girlfriend
florida man awakens to find burglar sucking on his toes, suspect still at large.
florida man awakens to find burglar sucking on his toes, suspect still at large
see you on behind kfc en route to the space ship made of crack, florida man!
florida man calls cops after hearing somebody scream "let me out!". it was a parrot.
florida man starts world war 3 while on vacation
florida man looking to score some google cameras?
florida man wakes up to find another man sucking on his toes
florida man gets prison for stealing deed to home, filing it without signing loan
florida man breaks into home and sucks toes of other florida man, escapes
naked florida man high on meth bites a k-9 dog.
florida man wakes to find another florida man sucking his toes.
florida man sentenced 20 years bringing condoms pink dress child sex sting
singer rod stewart punches florida man at a children's new year s eve party
florida man is at it again
british man charged over florida man 'punch'
florida man broke into home to suck man s toes
florida man wakes to find burglar sucking his toes, deputies say
florida man wakes up to find another man sucking on his toes.
naked florida man bites k-9 dog, assaults officer while high on meth: report
florida man claims intruder broke in his home to suck his toes
florida man backs car into hotel pool
florida man and fellow florida man get kicked out of resturant (for fighting), so they come back with guns blazing and a machete
florida man now florida parrot
florida man woken up by another man sucking on his toes.
florida man woken up by another man sucking on his toes, police searching for perpetrator
florida woman defends her florida man from other florida men
florida man and white nationalist running for president has been arrested for kidnapping and domestic violence
florida man drives vehicle into closed bar for a dr. pepper
florida man accused of pouring beer into alligator's mouth
florida man awoke last tuesday to discover another florida man at the foot of his bed sucking on his toes
florida man drives truck into bar to get dr. pepper
florida woman accused of robbing man of nearly $500,000 in jewelry, cash
florida man gets prison for stealing home deed without signing loan
florida man crashes car into west palm beach hotel pool
florida man charged for eating pancakes in middle of road
florida man accused of exposing himself in downtown westbrook
florida man smashes through fence in brief run from deputies
florida man breaks into home to suck strangers toes
naked florida man, high on meth, bites k-9 dog, assaults officer: report
florida man arrested for fighting a gas pump.
you've seen florida man, and even florida woman, but now make way for florida teen!
florida man arrested for fighting a gas pump. no word on who won.
florida man arrested for fighting gas pump
florida man tries to steal a wood grinder by hiding it in his pants.
florida man accused of poisoning girlfriend's cat with amphetamines
goat blood drinking, ex-senate candidate, white nationalist, florida man named augustus invictus arrested on kidnapping warrant
drunk florida man fires 120 rounds of gunfire to celebrate new year
florida man robs a cvs for pills, caught soon after when police found a trail of the stolen prescription bottles leading right up to their home.
white nationalist florida man augustus sol invictus arrested in florida on kidnapping and domestic violence charges
the white nationalist florida man running for president has been arrested for kidnapping and domestic violence
2016 senate runner turned florida man
florida man arrested after officers watch theft of car on his instagram feed
florida man sentenced to prison for trying to steal a new house by snatching and filing a signed deed before signing the mortgage documents
florida man drives truck into bar to get dr. pepper
florida man charged with dui says gps led him onto railroad tracks
florida man arrested after driving a white maserati with new jersey tags while wearing a black bullet proof vest and law enforcement style badge, claiming to be  the sheriff. 
florida man commits armed robbery at cvs and leaves trail of discarded medicine bottles leading police directly to hideout
florida man-god mysteriously missing magi manger!
florida man with  hit list  receives no-jail plea after shooting up a condo while pretending to be a cop
florida man shot twice after daring brother to shoot him
florida man exposes himself and slaps his butt in front of children during argument
florida man lights off a firework inside a car, things go as expected
florida man bundles together four boxes of sparklers to make a giant firework, watches it explode in his hand
florida man arrested for fighting a gas pump
florida man who ran for senate arrested on charges of kidnapping and domestic violence.
meth fueled, mud covered, naked florida man shakes off two tasers, bites k-9 and fist fights officer then spits on another
florida man anthem
police: florida man thought he stole opioids got laxatives instead
man bites dog: florida man, naked and covered in mud, bites dog's ear
florida man sleeps in dog cages for 10 days straight to raise 'awareness'
florida man and florida woman flip a coin to decide whose last name they should keep
florida man bags three pythons at once!
florida man who says his mission is to "destroy the feminist establishment" makes "mansplaining convention" where all attendees are women and all speakers are men.
florida man charged with dui says gps led him onto railroad tracks
naked florida man covered in mud bites k-9 s ear
florida man arrested for dui says he was following gps after getting sideswiped by a train while driving on tracks
florida man is getting a tv show!?!
florida man cops stun gun 70 y/o grandmother on her birthday. happy birthday, grandma!
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so it won't blow away
florida man tazes 70 year old florida woman on her birthday
a florida man is being hospitalized at st. mary s medical center after being partially emasculated from a severe shark bite.
florida man grubhub driver upset that burger king order isn't done fast enough starts swinging large ashtray at employees
florida man crashes into a business for dr. pepper
florida man arrested after sinking truck into pond.
florida man shooting at target in backyard hits neighbor sitting at dining room table, deputies say
florida police officer man shoots himself while trying to shoot at charging dog
florida man has saved 864 lives after donating 100 gallons of blood over 43 years
florida man threatened to destroy town with army of turtles: police
florida man arrested for disturbing peace after neighbors  can t take  his aggressive lawn mowing
florida man keeps neighbors awake with loud lawn mower revving, deputies say
florida man erects gaudy tribute to trump along interstate.
florida man punches gas pumps, car wash, tree after argument with girlfriend
florida man gets cat back 2 years after it was lost in hurricane
florida boy receives magnifying glass, instantly matures to florida man by setting his lawn on fire with it
i am so happy that my asshole step-father-in-law is officially a florida man
florida man acts like an animal, arrested after chasing neighbor
florida man/post hardcore singer arrested for domestic violence in 2015
chicago officials failed to capture a rogue alligator for 8 days, chicago hired florida man who caught in in less than 24 hours
florida man gets arrested for having sex with an olaf toy in a target
florida man stops his car on i-95 to get out and fight passenger
florida man wears bandana backward during bank robbery
jason mendoza: florida man   the good place
florida man wanted for weeks finally nabbed after deputies see him on instagram live
florida man attempts to reinvent himself and other shenanigans.
florida man who was wanted for weeks by cops finally nabbed after police officers see him on instagram live
florida man beats up gas pumps and a drive-thru car wash after arguing with girlfriend
florida man arrested christmas day for attempted hatchet attack on man who allegedly tried to steal his money jar
florida man  playing cowboy  shoots himself in leg, deputies say
florida man: burglar snorts dried sperm thinking it was cocaine, contracts herpes and syphilis
florida man says 2019 was the year of the exploding toilet, also good for pulling gators out of your yoga pants.
florida man spots crocodile in brevard county canal
florida man accused of having sex with 'frozen' toy at target
florida man jumps into postal worker s truck, yells  give me my ---- 
hello, (florida man) in this case an italian man that spent the last 20 years in jail in florida, please help us with his case.
florida man arrested for making too much noise with his lawnmower
florida man, actually trying to save the world
florida man drives into airport.
let's say our prayers for our florida man: israeli national, 26, arrested after trying to cash $1m check from husband, 77, of just four months: report
florida man injures people with a machete during burglary in trailer park on christmas morning in the keys
florida man arrested for machete attack on christmas morning in a trailer park in the keys
florida man arrested for machete attack on christmas morning during burglary in florida keys trailer park
florida man: fbi agents hunt for bicycle-born bank robber with real madrid gear
florida man visiting nyc made anti-semitic comment and assaulted man on the first day of hanukkah
florida man flees in stolen truck, drives into deputy's police cruiser
florida man gives coworker florida woman kidney for christmas
highway closed to allow florida man to fight with another florida man
injured florida man saves senior citizen
because it was christmas': florida man arrested for handing out marijuana
florida man has a worthy adversary
florida man is arrested for handing out marijuana on the street 'because it was christmas'
florida man not arrested on christmas eve even though police found a gun, mdma, heroin, cocaine and weed aboard his private jet.
florida man arrested for fighting the alligator that stole his meth
florida man, fast eddiey.
jacksonville police: florida man killed another florida man at truck stop in a case of  workplace violence 
florida man passed out marijuana downtown  because it s christmas 
florida man trying to kill dog says 'he had it coming to him 
florida man anonymously donates valuable gold coins worth 3000 to the salvation army - for the sixth year in a row
florida man anonymously donates valuable gold coins worth $3000 to the salvation army - for the sixth year in a row
florida man cop arrested for dui after leaving strip club, peeing in bottle on side of road, using lights and sirens to avoid getting pulled over
florida man arrested for  terrorizing  neighborhood with lawn mower
florida man after running over 3 people, spraying diarrhea over the cops, and single handedly burning down the white house after driving for 7 hours while dodging cops
florida man asks trump to build his presidential library in a trailer park
florida man drives aligator car
florida man arrested after becoming irate that emergency crews weren't clearing crash scene as fast as he wanted.
florida man arrested for handing out free marijuana  because it was christmas,  police say
florida man cited for school bus on property says he can t build toys without it
florida man tried blowing up atm to get cash, but it didn t work
florida man helps children create  world s largest dreidel 
ohioan steal part of a 20 foot roller coaster by truck. (i know this is not florida man but it is still a good one) article written: thursday, september 5th 2019
florida man wants to sell trump a whole town for $1b, and vanilla ice is reportedly involved
florida man kills masked intruder in florida gunbattle
florida man pays 36 families' utility bills for christmas - news - the st. augustine record
florida man: semi-truck destroys desert inn at yeehaw junction
florida man saves hundreds
florida man dresses up as  ratman  vigilante
florida man got $3.4 million in tax refunds from irs after claiming to win lottery he never won, authorities say
florida man arrested in st. pete for handing out marijuana  because it was christmas 
florida man arrested for handing out marijuana for christmas, police say
florida man found partially eaten by alligator died by meth overdose
florida man found partially eaten by alligator died from meth overdose
florida man crashes tractor trailer into desert inn and restaurant in yeehaw junction
florida man wants to sell town to trump for  a small loan of a billion dollars 
florida man wakes up with no memory of his past, speaks only swedish
five times florida man dressed up as santa
florida man hordes 200 dogs and cats in his house under unlivable conditions. dogs never house trained or walked. rescue agencies came to get the dogs and cats.
florida man charged with tying up two girls with tape, molesting one of them
florida man pays 36 families  utility bills
florida man masturbates on a womans back in a walmart
florida man impeached
florida man fails to get out of store after repeatedly slamming his body against locked door while holding stolen pepsi bottles
florida man takes on the holidays
florida man pays electric bills of families about to lose power for christmas
florida man allegedly masturbated onto woman in toy aisle at walmart
florida man is a vegan, and married. [bad combo obviously]
u.s. house impeaches florida man, president donald trump
florida man drives semi over almost finished bridge.
florida man makes headlines in canada.
florida man becomes 3rd president to be impeached.
a florida man who once spent christmas without gas just paid off the past dues for 36 families at risk of losing their electricity
florida man impeached
florida man impeached by house of representatives
florida man impeached by us house of representatives
florida man arrested for illegally selling alligators and dead deer
florida man (sandwich employee) fires shots in dispute over wrap, says authorities
season of giving: florida man pays 36 families' utility bills
florida man downed two bottles of liquor after train hit kia rio
florida man escapes from thai police, jumps over the wall and disappears in the jungle while still handcuffed.
florida man died from meth overdose before he was eaten by alligator
florida man, veiled in a grocery bag, smashes window and steals cigarettes.
florida man faces 135 years in prison for recycling.
florida man sentenced to six years in prison after waging 18-month cyberstalking campaign against schoolmate who wrote essay about him
florida man exposes himself to cheerleaders handing out candy canes at middle school
florida man is impeached by the united states house of representatives
florida man is the hero we need.
florida man hauls guillotine around in pickup truck
florida man throws pop-tart at wife's head, gets arrested for "domestic battery"
confused over national hard candy day, florida man exposes self to cheerleaders handing out candy canes
florida man is accused of fleecing four million dollars from his clients. he responded to the accusation by saying: "i have been a good lawyer for many years".
florida man crashes his pickup through airport's fence at 3 a.m., speeds down its flight line, crashes into baggage claim, causes a ton of damage
florida man arrested by cops for not pulling over while racing to have sex
2019 portrayed by florida man
florida man arrested at disney world after claiming he 'forgot' he had a gun in his bag
florida man recovers 2 grams of drugs and $251 from man who oded and died, sends out press release calling it a "drug bust"
florida man arrested after throwing pop tart at wife
florida man arrested after doing contract work without a license.
florida man researches how to make farms more productive: his verdict? grow starfruit instead of oranges
florida man pays electric bills for families about to lose power
naked florida man thrown from balcony, hijacks car and starts police chase.
florida man and woman arrested for dui have sex in the back of the police car taking them to the station.
florida man said he was so scared after he watched a train hit his vehicle that he pulled two bottles of liquor from the wreckage and drank them at the crash scene
florida man arrested for domestic battery after "throwing pop tart" at wife's head, police say
florida man pays electric bills for families about to lose power
florida man arrested for domestic battery after 'throwing pop tart' at wife's head, police say
loyal florida man sticks by girlfriend who set him on fire
2019...the year of florida man
florida man pays electric bills for families about to lose power. it's about time we have a wholesome one.
the good kind of florida man
florida man guns down ak-47-wielding robber:  not going to go out like a punk 
the top 14 "florida man" headlines from 2019
phuket police hunt florida man, fled custody in handcuffs
florida man accused of masturbating in walmart toy section turns himself in
florida man shoots himself in the leg after  playing cowboy .
florida man like wtf
florida man arrested after shooting himself in leg "playing cowboy"
florida man lawyer who posted a video on facebook showing him kicking a raccoon off his boat must get professional help
florida man is a lover and a fighter in this episode of florida men
florida man arrested after dispute over subway wrap ends in gunshots
florida man fast food worker fires shots in dispute over sandwich [dispute started at the subway inside the palm springs, florida, walmart on black friday]
florida man died from meth overdose before he was eaten by alligator
florida man fights back against porch pirates with dirty diaper-filled packages
florida man and woman throw dog-themed wedding; change last name to "brown-paws"
florida man will do anything for a pepsi
florida man steals pepsi and fails to get out of store after cashier locks him inside.
florida man died from meth overdose before alligator ate him
florida man spills grapefruits on highway in orange county
florida man files bill to ban the lease of pets
florida man loses his bentley after he put lights and sirens on it and pulled people over
florida man, along with 17 other florida men (who are also police officers) gets into shootout with two other florida men who stole jewelry and took off in a ups van, and tried escaping via a busy highway, and kills them, alongside two bystanders.
florida man calls in sick then posts instagram photos of himself on a boat.
watch: florida man will do anything for a soft drink
florida man drops 160 pounds to fulfill army dream
florida man threatens to spray activist bringing water to immigrant children
florida man was found with 41 undersized lobsters, then he urinated in a bucket. that means jail
phuket police hunt florida man who fled custody in handcuffs
florida man goes surfing, lands on and gets bit by shark then goes to the bar instead of the hospital
naked florida man steals car and leads police on brief chase, strikes officer with car, is shot at by police and remains unscathed when brought into custody
bandanna wearing florida man tried to rob a bank of america then took off to chick-fil-a and disappeared.
florida man dies of meth overdose and gets eaten by gator
florida man masturbates on woman while child witnesses in toy inside wal mart.
florida man heckles comedian 'i'm right everybody else is wrong!'
florida man, 31, pleads guilty of planning to kidnap five mennonite children and execute their parents - because a friend claimed they were her kids and he could keep one
florida man accused of enticing alligator to bit him and pouring into it's mouth
florida man od's then gets eaten by gator
florida man calls 911 for a ride
florida alligator gets high, by ingesting meth-laden remains of florida man
man found partially eaten by alligator in florida died from meth overdose, autopsy shows
florida man sentenced to 20 years after bringing condoms, pink dress to child-sex sting
florida man eaten by an alligator actually died of a meth overdose
florida man takes meth and cocaine before school, passes out at burger king, wakes up in hospital and masturbates, cops say.
florida man science teacher takes meth and cocaine before school, passes out at burger king, wakes up in hospital and masturbates, cops say. | alugy
florida man doing what florida man does
florida man eaten by alligator actually died of meth overdose
florida man dies from meth overdose and then gets eaten by gator.
larval stage florida man shoots mother in walmart parking lot
florida man arrested for feeding the homeless!
florida man breaks into home to cook breakfast, tells resident to  go back to sleep. 
florida man spends his one day off cleaning forgotten veteran s tombstones
florida man during 2019
florida man eaten by alligator, but don t worry, he died from meth first
florida man prostitution sting hits jackpot with pga player tommy  two gloves  gainey among others
florida man charged for sexually assaulting stuffed olaf from  frozen  toy
florida man...er...uh...toddler shoots mom.
florida] man charged for sex with stuffed animals at target
florida man dies from meth od, eaten by alligator
naked florida man who made airport bomb threat gets probation
florida man died from meth overdose before he was eaten by alligator
florida man and florida man friend climb 35-foot christmas tree at city's central park at 4 in the morning, damage tree and break ornaments and get arrested
not all florida man are bad
florida man eaten by alligator actually died from meth overdose prior to getting eaten
florida man gets eaten by alligator after dying from meth overdose
florida man found eaten by alligator actually died of meth overdose
florida man died from meth, not alligator
ode to florida man: a look back at our unofficial state mascot's journey through 2019
florida man found eaten by alligator actually died of meth overdose
amazing florida man
florida man overdoses on meth before being eaten by alligator
giving florida man a run for his money!
police: florida man with history of fatal accidental shooting charged in 2nd accidental shooting of daughter, 9
florida man left son at highway because he might be gay
florida man eaten by alligator actually died from meth od
florida man who is a village commissioner embezzled money from his law firm to get a ride to a sex-toy shop and stay in hotel rooms, also has terrible facebook photo
florida man found partially eaten by alligator died from meth overdose
high priced car seized from florida man impersonating cop: sheriff
florida man found eaten by alligator actually died from meth overdose, officials say
florida man overdosed on meth before alligators ate parts of his body
florida man... blah, blah, blah... meth and alligator.
florida man eaten by alligator after overdosing on meth
florida man found eaten by alligator actually died from meth overdose, officials say
florida man charged with sexually assaulting stuffed olaf toy.
florida man + meth + alligators.
florida man sues mcdonald's because he had to pick the cheese off his quarter pounders
florida man caught on camera crashing pickup truck into chuck e. cheese, fleeing the scene
florida man who was partially eaten by alligator died from meth overdose, autopsy shows
florida man is  a pervert, but not a monster .
florida man dies of meth overdose before being eaten by alligator
florida man ods on meth then attempts to give 449lb alligator a contact high
florida man might give florida parents 3 months of paid family leave via a new bill called "the florida family leave act"
florida man demonstrates why you should stay off drugs
florida man fraternity pledge blindfolded and forced to do cocaine, report say
florida woman accidentally shares the holiday spirit with an unknown man, and gets 30m+ views
florida man donates $335k property to foundation for victims of child abuse.
florida man, 69, punched walmart shopper in face for keeping him wait in checkout line
good guy florida man
florida man who works as disney security guard shows up at prostitution sting buck naked, gets arrested and videotaped by cops
florida man arrested for tricking his car out to look like a police car. might have been a bad choice to use a bentley, though.
students evacuated from manatee county school bus after florida man sprayed too much axe body spray
florida man accused of ditching boy outside police station because he thought he was gay
what s with florida man and all the public nudity lately? joel and phil find out in this week s podcast.
florida man shows up  buck naked  to undercover sex sting, deputies say
florida man guilty in plan to kill parents, abduct children from va homes
florida man and women argue over impeachment, florida man gets physical and arrested.
florida man tries to rob gamestop with transparent water bag.
florida man threatens to kill man with 'kindness,' uses machete named 'kindness'
naked florida man arrested for animal cruelty after stabbing landlord's dog in neck with large knife
florida man gets parking ticket 7 years after violation
florida boy becomes florida man
florida woman notices a cinder block under her bedroom window, checks surveillance video and sees a florida man has been peeping in her window at night
florida man accused of shoving girlfriend to the ground during fight about impeachment
florida man finds wwii grenade while fishing and takes it to taco bell
florida man arrested at best buy for impersonating a federal marshal
florida man threatens to kill man 'with kindness,' uses machete named 'kindness'
frozen 2:florida man charged with criminal mischief for  dry humping  and ejaculating on olaf
florida man accused of sex with stuffed animals at target
yes, these are real. the best florida man headlines of 2019
florida man blows through traffic light, hits truck pulling a boat that sends the vessel flying and spills fuel and closes down the road for five hours. oh, and it was his fourth dui.
florida man charged for sexually assaulting stuffed olaf from frozen toy
florida man arrested after punching walmart customer for "taking too long" at the checkout
florida man abandoned son on the side of the road because he thought the child was gay, police say
florida man arrested after punching walmart customer for 'taking too long' at checkout: police
90-year-old florida man arrested for second time in a week after feeding the homeless again
florida man chooses the wrong house to break into, gets his face rearranged, ends up in hospital.
florida man has sex with olaf from 'frozen'
florida man has sex with olaf (from 'frozen') at target
florida man caused crash that sent boat flying. it s his fourth dui, troopers say.
florida man escorts fellow florida man to jail after 'extremely emaciated' dog found: "if this is how you treat your dog   this is how we treat you. 
florida man crashes pickup into woman's restroom at chuck e cheese
florida man thinks "elf" is best christmas movie ever
florida man feeds people
florida man charged for sexually assaulting olaf toy
florida man eats $120k banana off the wall art at art basel
florida man convicted of child shooting death repeats nearly same crime 8 years later
a florida man who bit his dog to  establish dominance  over the animal avoids jail time
man that's what florida like  
florida man strikes at target
florida man eats $120,000 banana taped to wall at art exhibition
florida woman assaults florida man with artificial christmas tree.
florida man draws penis flight radar
florida man in kkk costume beats drag queen with a tiki torch
florida man tells police wind blew bag of cocaine into car
man allegedly threw ferrets at car, damaged at least dozen vehicles, police say. (florida man in spirit)
florida man special education teacher accused of sexual relationship with son s teenage friend
florida man charged for sex with stuffed animals at target
florida man (and buddies) shoot hostage to death.
florida man (and his buddies in uniform) shoot hostage to death.
florida man accused of filming another man in the bathroom
florida man allegedly abandoned boy on highway because he thought he was gay
florida man faces multiple charges for throwing an alligator through a wendy's drive-thru window.
florida man facing eviction says it's because of santeria
florida man fishing sports,  fishing capital .
hijacked ups truck led florida police on a massive chase that ended in a fatal shootout with florida man
florida man punches man in walmart for not going at the pace he preferred
florida man steals ups truck and ends in gunfight
florida man dies in explosion after microwaving a microwave
florida-man watch: woman in open relationship with 4 florida-men is pregnant.
florida man): woman in open relationship with 4 florida-men is pregrant!
florida man): woman in open relationship with 4 florida-men is pregnant!
florida man car wash attendant takes car, smashes it into boca raton gas station
florida man saved by watch that s smarter than him
florida man offered inmate $4,000 and a car to kill four people and feed them to pigs and alligators, police say
florida man school security guard pawns service weapon and vest.
florida man hunting iguana misses, shoots pool boy instead
florida man hunting iguana shoots pool guy instead
wholesome florida man pays off school lunch debt for whole town
florida man, 18, guilty of attempted murder after hurling boy, 6, off 10th floor because he  wanted to be on tv news 
florida man security officer was hired by the local school district and given a service pistol to protect an elementary school. instead, he pawned the gun six times to help him pay bills and often came to work holstering a pellet gun.
florida man buys baby bouncer at goodwill, finds semi-automatic rifle inside
florida man _ the hero we deserve.
florida man sues parents after killing their son.
florida man sues the family of the kid he shot
florida man sues murder victim's family for 100 million
zimmerman continues mastery of dark arts to retain most hated florida man status
florida man launches car into dealership
florida man gets dizzy behind the wheel, loses control of car, goes flying 140 feet in the air, crashes into car dealership and it all gets caught on video
florida man steals package filled with three-day-old dirty diapers
florida man tricks you all
florida man wants to kill people and feed them to the gators
florida man uses meat cleaver to attack neighbor who's trying to call 911 on him
florida man elementary teacher won t stop touching man s buttocks; gets arrested
florida man laundering money
florida man music teacher arrested for repeatedly grabbing the ass of a guy cleaning his house. some are calling it mr. holland s gropus.
florida man obsessed with seinfeld will publish your festivus grievance in the newspaper
florida man steals ups truck, leads police on chase - live aerial view.
florida man: charged with stealing packages
florida man attempts armed robbery at jewelry store, gets into police chase with stolen ups truck, and gets shot on live tv
florida man faked his murder using a gun and a weather balloon
florida man has lift off
florida man left son at side of highway because he might be gay: police
naked florida man breaks into elementary school, smearing poop and cake frosting across building
florida man accused of living off dead mom s social security checks for 15 years
masturbating florida man punches accuser after refusing to halt self-love session outside florida supermarket: cops
florida man ditches child on side of road because he thinks he s gay, police say
florida man who beat puppy to death, sparking community outrage &amp;amp; new laws on animal cruelty, gets 1 year in prison
another weekly recap of the antics of florida man on the florida men podcast
florida man finds loaded semi-automatic rifle in toy box bought at goodwill store as baby shower present
florida wo(man) accused of having sex with teen several hundred times
florida man gets arrested in missouri after stealing credit card numbers in kansas
florida man in congress
florida man guns down unarmed teenager, files suit against teenager's family
even after much thought and planning, florida man still makes some really stupid choices
florida man (with fantastic hair) arrested for hiding ups packages behind dumpster and returning later to steal them
florida man abandons young son at police station because he thought the child was gay.
florida man arrested after throwing a pot of hot turkey soup during fight.
florida man arrested after hiding drugs in belly button
florida man arrested after calling phone company 24,000 times.
florida man shoots child playing with nerf gun
florida woman makes herself at home by guzzling soda and selecting pizza ingredients from the residence of a florida man who she does not know.
florida man abandons son on side of the road because son might be gay.
drunk florida man sees child playing with nerf gun, shoots him with real gun
florida man thought he could break-in to a family dollar store. but then he fell
florida man shoots 7 year old after seeing him and his friends playing with nerf guns
bad hygiene? florida man caught on camera stealing shampoo, facial cleansers from miami home
florida man stands his ground against 7 year old with nerf gun and shoots him
florida man claiming people were "eating his brains" leads police on insane golf course chase
florida man had meth 'wedged deep within' belly button, cops say
florida man demands bank teller give him less money during alleged robbery
florida man arrested after trying to challenge police officer to car race
florida man wearing only florida gators shirt breaks into school, mixes feces and frosting together and smears it all over the school
florida man lights up roommate.
florida man creates perfect florida man christmas gift
florida woman, 70, jailed after sidewalk sex encounter with florida man, 60.
florida man running from zombies lead police through golf course and orange hills
florida man slugs elderly man who asked him to stop masturbating
florida man pretends to be a cop, arrested after pulling over real deputy
florida man filmed breaking into cars as pants fall down
florida man (9 florida men and women) molest bears.
florida man accused of benefiting over $225k off dead mom
florida man comes home to random tesla model 3 charging in his yard, stealing electricity
police: child playing with nerf gun shot by drunk florida man with real gun
drunk florida man shoots nerf gun toting kid
florida man punches other florida man while playing with his little florida man in a grocery store parking lot in florida, man.
florida man got competition from florida dof
dozens of florida man and women bandit the miami turkey trot. race director films himself busting them on the finish line.
disgusting florida man arrested for filming himself molesting innocent 3 year old
florida man has sex with olaf teddy in target :)
florida man struck by amtrak train while racing on the tracks en route to bar, officials say
florida man punches elderly man when told to stop masturbating at miami supermarket parking lot
look out florida man...here comes florida dog!
florida man spits food into woman's mouth while she tries to apologize after road rage incident
florida man arrested after beating uber driver with antenna
florida man hanging on window ledge of car doing 'donuts' dies in freak accident
rip: florida man dies after being thrown from suv doing doughnuts
florida man becomes a florida woman, so he could rob a bank
central florida man gets 1 year in jail in puppy s beating death
florida man tries to race undercover cop across tampa bay
stripper kicks man in the nuts....florida woman
florida man slugs elderly man who asked him to stop masturbating in public
florida man says he's not removing in god we trust from cop cars - unless a majority of citizens tell him to
florida man executes family after they send him to sex therapy after he stole  200,000 from his family to give to bulgarian cam girl who he claimed was his girlfriend
florida man keeps forgetting about his loaded handgun during airport screenings
florida man has found a worthy opponent
florida man steals fire chief s truck   then nearly sets himself on fire while in jail
florida man arrested for spitting food into mouth of woman during road rage incident
reckless' florida man caught with loaded gun for second time this month at cny airport
florida man plotted isis attack in revenge for being kicked out of college
florida man in van guns down ak-47 wielding robber because he didn t want  to go out like a punk 
florida man jumps into crocodile pit, suffers bite, escapes, gets arrested
florida man arrested for slashing woman with knife released from prison, goes back to kill her
65 y/o self trained boxer florida man protects neighbor from violent boyfriend.
florida man intentionally rear-ends florida woman and proceeds to sexually assault her.
trump, now a florida man, makes home state center of campaign
florida man tried to enlist isis to attack colleges that suspended, expelled him
mostly naked florida man spreads feces during school break-in
florida man arrested in exfoliating mask, woman sets car on fire because it was dirty, man punches brother for not supporting his dreams
florida woman fights for equality, sues strip club that denied her entrance because she wasn't with a man
florida man says god was shooting guns on his patio
mostly naked florida man accused of spreading feces during school break-in
florida man robs bank, complains bank teller gave him too much money
florida man kills would be robber
florida man wanted isis to bomb deans at colleges that suspended or expelled him, feds say
florida man punches elderly person after being told to stop masturbating
florida man brandishes sword at door-to-door salesman
florida man takes on group of ducks@panthers preview
florida man runs for town council and is defeated. his ex-felon status causes a debate on if he was ever a legal candidate.
florida man uber driver gives 5-star effort, tries to steal police cruiser to avoid arrest
florida man spits food into woman's mouth in road rage encounter
florida man leaves husband to father twins with daughter s ex-boyfriend
florida man gets arrested for being awesome
florida man says eviction stems from santeria religion
a fun game: google "florida man" followed by your birthday. this was mine:
florida man arrested for calling 911 after his cat was denied entry into strip club
florida man eats knuckle sandwich
florida man lookin' good
florida man (13) stabs grandmother to death
florida man claims arch-nemesis "the wind" planted drugs in his car
florida man prays to his penis
florida man claims 'wind' blew crack cocaine inside car after police find baggie while searching it
florida man crashes forklift, smashes windows with hammer, strips inside warehouse
florida man, during a traffic stop, tells cops wind must have blown baggie of crack into his car! (must of had a windfall!)
florida man tries to race another driver, revs his engine and blasts off at 124 mph. he didn't realize the other driver was a cop.
florida man has dog
florida man with  don t drink &amp; drive  bumper sticker arrested for...yeah
florida man fatally shoots son-in-law who was trying to surprise him for his birthday
florida naked man chases woman down a deserted road and tries to rape her.
florida man arrested, caught on video using samurai sword to fight over wheelbarrow.
florida man poops in bush of fast food restaurant
man travels 4,500 miles for surprise birthday in florida, florida man shoots him
florida man robbing bank told teller, "you gave me too much."
florida man suspected of armed robbery arrested wearing exfoliating mask
florida man? make way for florida dog, driving his way to a cul-de-sac near you
florida man gets caught with cocaine in his car, says it was blown there by the wind
florida man who tried to 'run' to bermuda in inflatable bubble rescued by coast guard, again
florida man met faces new questions over  trafficked  teen in epstein case
florida man charged with dwi in tractor-trailer crash with ny trooper
florida man spits food in florida woman's mouth after road rage incident
florida man donated $360 million to scientology
florida man, once arrested for fighting drag queen with a tiki torch while dressed like kkk member, now running for mayor
florida man arrested after breaking into a construction site, climbs 250 feet to sleep in crane.
florida man miami professor, crime expert charged with money laundering
i searched florida man (my birthday) and this is what came up
florida man who drove a taxi, searched for bigfoot, dead at 63
florida man/dog puts car in reverse and just drives in circles for almost an hour
florida man accused of stabbing woman over underdone potato
florida man wearing political shirt robs bank, gives some money back saying they gave him too much.
florida man tries the ole  the wind must have blown the cocaine into my car officer  trick to no avail
florida man beats uncle's dog to death with a shovel, tosses body into canal, police say
florida man stashes meth 'deep' in belly button, police say
florida man calls in live on c-span. monty2020.
florida man steal front end load and goes on a 1.5 mile joyride before being caught
florida man calls into c-span impeachment coverage.
florida man - origin stories
florida man accused of stealing costumes from disney world wrestles with police deputies.
380-pound florida man arrested after hiding drugs in belly button
florida man drives without front wheels
florida man allows dog to drive car, do donuts.
deputies: florida man steals grandmother's car, leads law enforcement on chase through flagler county
florida man professor who's an expert on money-laundering arrested for laundering money
florida man threatens people with machete over $50, police say
police use stun guns to extract florida man from walmart ceiling
florida man steals multiple tongues
florida man accused of demanding woman worship devil at knife point
florida man has some weird hang-ups in this week s florida men podcast.
florida man with identical twins born four years apart begins dating his 19-year-old daughter's boyfriend
fentanyl, cocaine and heroin seized from florida man
florida man stops storm surge using only his mind!
florida man, retired cop, wears shirt proclaiming florida man retired cop. reused entry to a theme park.
playing golf in florida man style
florida man, who is owner of multiple strip clubs, decides to give away 3,000 thanksgiving turkeys
florida man robs bank, tells the teller he gave too much.
florida man causes havok in california library! coast-2-coast, baby!!!!
10 florida man headlines that will make you say wtf
florida man with two cans of fart spray
florida man arrested for punching little league umpire
florida man went off
380-pound florida man was hit with additional felony charges after jail personnel discovered a bag of meth  wedged deep within the belly button cavity of the defendant"
florida man sues burger king over impossible burger.
florida man flees after hitting second florida man on bicycle
florida man sues burger king over the impossible whopper!
florida man and woman arrested after infant starved from eating only raw fruit and vegetables.
florida man tells police wind blew cocaine into his car
florida man on bath salts head-butts car, slaps fire chief
florida man arrested for having sex with miniature horse on multiple occasions
florida man says wind blew cocaine into his car
florida man dressed like santa claus leads cops on 80 mph motorcycle chase
florida man deadpool: wade wilson indicted on two murder charges, as well as breaking into a home and drinking the owner's white claw
380-pound florida man hid meth in his belly button, unlucky cops found it
florida man in walmart ceiling tazed by police
florida man who allegedly threatened family with coldplay lyrics ends standoff after swat promises him pizza
florida man accused of taking taxi to and from bank robbery
police: florida man faces animal cruelty charges after getting caught on video punching dog
pinellas park police search for florida man or woman who threw kittens out of a moving vehicle
intoxicated florida woman crashes into florida highway patrol car. link in article to report of florida man who set the precedent the day before.
florida man actually wins a free baby thanks to 'win a baby' radio contest
people hired florida man to pay their taxes. he kept $300,000 of it for himself instead.
florida man gets upset at call at youth baseball game, punches umpire
florida man claims wind blew cocaine into his car: police
florida man who is an expert on money-laundering at the university of miami is charged with money-laundering
florida man went off(sry my computer has a pressure fracture)  
florida man groped princess at magic kingdom.
florida man puts battery in anus to give himself more energy
florida man accused of throwing nunchucks through car window at traffic light
terrified cows run for their lives as florida man leads deputies on chase through cattle field
florida man accused of pretending to be a dentist
florida man blames the wind for blowing cocaine into his car - new york daily news
florida man has sex with stuffed olaf toy in target store.
florida man makes himself a snack while robbing taco bell
florida man claims wind blew bag of cocaine into his car, officer says
florida man uses zip ties to help save the life of hog hunter after alligator attack
florida man on swamp buggy uses zip ties to help save the life of hog hunter after alligator attack
florida woman accused of kicking man in groin after seance
florida man leaves a bag at the family dollar with a bunch of dope, cash, and oh, his cell phone  
florida man arrested after recording himself molesting a 3-year-old girl: report
florida man arrested after allegedly spitting on man wearing make america great again hat
florida man arrested after allegedly spitting on man wearing maga(make america great again)hat
florida man donald trump jr $50k visit sparks call to impeach florida student president
florida man loses card game, responses by setting winner's car on fire, gets turned into police by his mom
florida man found with bag of cocaine in car tells police the wind must have blown it in the back seat
florida man likes to pull people's teeth out at home. he's not a dentist.
florida man arrested for pulling teeth and providing antibiotics without a dental license
florida man with tricky dick tattooed on his back convicted of federal witness tampering. we're suprised, said no one.
florida man linked to wide ranging sex trafficking ring.
florida man doscovers gun and several magazines in duffel bag at clothing donation drop box
florida man discovers gun and several magazines in duffel bag at clothing donation drop box
florida woman stole more than $500,000 from 93-year-old man she was guardian of
florida man breaks into taco bell, steals cash...and tostada shells
south florida man ran elaborate sex trafficking ring, used phony website and non-profit: fbi
florida man becomes nauseous hulk in taxi cab
florida man doesn't get straw, attacks mcdonald's employee
florida man wears 'f*** the police' shirt to court and wins the case
florida man flashes buttocks at ihop after impersonating a police officer to get free food.
florida man runs himself over outside strip club
florida man] has sex with a olaf doll in a target
florida man caught with two unloaded handguns at hia, blames it bringing along the wrong duffle bag
bare-bottomed florida man arrested on florida gulf coast university's campus
florida man does $500,000 damage to new hotel
florida man diver discovers 70-year-old plane in river
florida man makes himself a snack while robbing taco bell
florida man has been captured!
florida man uses bible app to prey on minors
florida man sentenced for stealing a woman's purse while she was looking for change to give to him.
florida man arrested, accused of shoving woman to get to egg rolls
florida man told cops he was racing home after  cheating on his wife,  police say
florida man achieves student president of his university! faces impeachment after spending 50k to get usa president trump to visit the school.
florida man accused of killing man after losing card game
florida man taken down by karate chop after repeatedly trying to touch 'floribama shore' cast member says he was 'just kidding'
florida man student president facing impeachment inquiry over trump jr. visit
florida man loses card game, burns opponent to death for revenge
florida man sues madonna
florida man wins nl roy
florida woman s excessive finger pointing passes point of no return with florida man police officer
florida man who sawed nose off endangered fish now facing prison and hefty fines.
florida man arrested for having sex with an olaf doll inside a target.
florida man arrested for having sex with olaf toy in a supermarket
florida man almost dies after doing cocaine and then eating pufferfish (which he may have caught himself)
florida man arrested for groping disney princess
the florida man show: florida man breaks into restaurant gets naked and plays bongos
florida man shoots his friend during lsu-alabama argument in bend, oregon
florida man sues madonna over late concert start times
florida man on probation burglarizes probation office, police said
florida man sues madonna because her concert is starting too late
florida man sues madonna over concert change time
florida man sues madonna over concert time change
florida man bogus 911 caller uses trained dog as weapon against officers, officials say
you said florida man. this has the florida part.
florida man sues madonna, saying her 10:30 p.m. concert start is too late
florida man joins the a-team
florida man asks deputies via facebook to remove his arrest warrant; deputies replace it with booking photo once he shows up to police station.
another example of pornhub allowing these types of things happening by not taking care of their site enough. another example:  girls do porn  just look that one up, unrelated to florida man
florida man chews up police car seat after cocaine arrest
florida man breaks into restaurant, strips naked, eats noodles, plays bongos
cops bust florida man who said name was "ben dover"
man, you got hit by a plane': florida man thankful to be alive after crash
florida man nba player overdosed on 'gummies' aboard team plane
florida man jumps off surf board and lands on shark
florida man busted in child pornography sting worked at the "happiest place on earth" (especially if you're a pedophile)
florida man caught on camera spitting on man wearing maga hat
florida man arested after pelting girlfriend with mcdonald s sweet and sour packets
florida man strikes again
florida man attacked by giant alligator in a swamp. rdr2.
nothing cracks up florida man like the judge telling him he's facing murder charges.
florida man turns one car into two using a utility pole
florida man kidnaps eight-foot-tall bigfoot statue
florida man makes a disney princess cry
florida man faces prison for sending threatening text messages about jews
florida man asks police to remove mugshot from facebook after theft, only for them to replace it with booking photo
florida man catches a swamp. all of them. and no one could have done it besides him.
florida man does 'strange dance,' strips in mcdonald s: deputies
florida man was just hungry!
florida man with no arms stabs tourist visiting popular south beach area, police say
florida man winds up on roof in underwear with no memory of how he got there
florida man caught stealing beer said he was just exchanging it for cold ones
deputies: florida man groped princess at magic kingdom
florida man attacks suspected burglar with machete
florida man fires gun into wrong vehicle following road rage incident
florida man groped princess at magic kingdom
florida man has buttocks removed due to complications of 8 inch screwdriver found in his anus.
florida man arrested, accused of groping princess character at disney world
florida man has surgery to remove screwdriver from rectum
florida man accused of groping disney princess during family photo....why?
florida man has screwdriver removed from rectum
florida man cuts nose off endangered fish
excited" florida man makes disney world staff break character
florida man arrested, blames haitian girlfriend for putting voodoo on him
florida man demands mug shot be removed from facebook; deputies replace it with booking photo
florida man county commissioners against renewal of library's new york times subscription because it's "fake news"
florida man gives fentanyl-laced drugs to fellow inmates, all of whom overdose
florida man stabs another man over popeyes chicken sandwich
florida man stabs man over a popeyes chicken sandwich
florida man has a screwdriver pulled out of his rectum a week after he put it there
florida man has an eight-inch screwdriver removed from his rectum after pushing it so far up it poked through his intestine and nearly killed him
florida man who kicked cop and urinated at town square gets break in court
florida man arrested after whipping out samurai sword in trash dispute
florida man arrested for groping princess character at disney world
florida man reports bigfoot missing
florida man, 61, assaults 16-year-old girl with  christian affiliation  badge, deputies say
florida man arrested for groping a costumed disney world princess
florida man gropes disney princess
florida man arrested after groping disney princess
florida man pastor gets mad at teen girl at school bus stop, hits her in the head with 'christian affiliation' badge, goes to jail
florida man has fun with a screwdriver
florida man accused of groping disney princess at magic kingdom
florida man county commissioner calls new york times  fake news,  says he doesn t want it in his county, denies local library funding for digital subscriptions
police: florida man threatens neighbors with nunchucks, hits himself in head
florida man shoved woman because he wanted to eat egg rolls in her house, claims she slapped him
florida man and florida woman's child calls abuse hotline on halloween because of real life horror house
daily show releases browser extension to make trump florida man
florida man charged with swinging axe in argument over tools
president florida man
a library wanted a new york times subscription. florida man council refused, citing trump and  fake news. 
donald trump headlines become florida man headlines with  daily show  browser add-on
florida man murdered for not unlocking his iphone
florida man steals thousands from newlyweds in bradenton
florida man arrested while wearing  ain't nothin' illegal  til you get caught!' shirt
florida man breaks into ex-girlfriends home, touches her feet, is arrested, police say
young florida man uses birthday money to give teacher "pay raise"
florida man jacks golf cart, gets in police chase, ditches the cart and runs, tries to break through fence with his head
florida man accused of groping a princess at disney world
florida man allegedly gave alligator beer, enticed reptile to bite him
florida man smashes car with shopping cart after not getting filet-o-fish mcdonald's order at drive thru
florida man hurls chihuahua at cousin during fight
florida man is now president
florida man and parole-violating sex offender arrested for impersonating an officer while escorting a funeral on a stolen motorcycle, carrying an imitation glock bb gun... again. if at first you don't succeed, something something
florida man simply refused to give up on his dream, even if he failed multiple times. he kept trying, again and again. and that dream was to suicide-by-cop.
florida man fakes education and background to land job as a turbine engineer for an electric company. six short years later, he is found out when he: a) burns the place to the ground, b) is asked a basic question, or c) is up for promotion to manager
wal-mart announces that florida man and his buddies can all get alcohol delivered to their homes. surely nothing can possibly go wrong here
florida man demonstrates his ninja skills by throwing nunchucks at car in a road rage incident
florida man, 27, allegedly hurled chihuahua in cage at cousin during fight
florida pregnant (wo)man kills intruder with ar-15 after husband and daughter held at gunpoint
florida man subpoenas police dog in traffic court for failing to use a turn signal
florida man attempts to hire a hitman to "eliminate" a faculty member at his high school.
oh my... florida man does it again.
florida man carjacks golf cart, drives off and into ditch, is arrested
florida man starts a painting show, accidentally invents the first asmr series.
florida man found on roof with no idea how he got there.
florida man stabbed wife to death, kept body in living room for 10 days until he himself started smelling like dead
if you've got some time to kill this documentary follows a convicted florida serial killer navigating the florida justice system, and also follows her florida man scumbag dui attorney. very interesting watch.
monologue: florida man | real time with bill maher (hbo)
the only podcast hosted by florida man himself launches first episode
florida man pleads guilty to sawing off extended nose of rare fish
florida man arrested for impersonating officer again
what trump might gain as newest florida man
florida man (teenager) tries to hire a hit man to kill teacher
sex offender florida man arrested for contacting young girls through bible app
florida man jumps on shark
donald trump is now officially a florida man
florida man takes casual nap under moving train.
florida man beats elderly woman with a mallet, then set her on fire, now prosecutors are seeking the death penalty.
florida man is tired of new yorkers picking on him
oh no. look who's gone full florida man. ...never go full florida man
florida man: rise of the new king
racist florida man so racist he moves rather than live on barack obama avenue.
florida man is president of the united states
florida man that was a new yorker became president
president becomes florida man
lifelong new yorker, who inherited a small loan of 1 million dollars, becomes florida man.
president trump is now officially a florida man
snack bar run by special needs students evicted from government complex by florida man officials
donald trump is not florida man
florida man becomes president, proceeds to mess up country.
trump formally becomes florida man
florida man allegedly commits bribery, extortion, obstruction of justice, and election fraud.
florida man runs the united states
donald trump is officially a florida man
florida man arrested for impersonating officer again, claims he s being unfairly targeted
florida man rapper on the run for first degree murder and firing a missile in public
donald trump is going to become a florida man
florida man tries to have sex with olaf from "frozen" and a stuffed unicorn in a target
florida man shot four times outside his apartment
triathlete of criminals? florida man runs, bikes, swims away from deputies
president of the united states officially becomes a full-time florida man
florida man arrested after bible debate with brother ends with gunfire
florida man commits armed robbery... in iowa... with a bb gun.
florida man tell neighbors he will kill them with a bb gun
florida man is accused of throwing nunchucks at car window
florida man, a principal, said he couldn't confirm the holocaust was a 'factual' event. the school district just fired him
florida man tries to get alligator drunk
florida man arrested after bible debate with brother leads to gunshots
florida man arrested for threatening to kill his neighbors with pellet gun tells deputies he will bond out and go back to 'disfigure' them
florida man in target: "do you want to fuck a snowman?"
florida man explained???
florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer
florida man couldn t  let it go,  arrested after having sex with stuffed  frozen  olaf doll at target
florida man arrested for hanging on traffic light and shitting on cars passing underneath
florida man carves pumpkin while al neuharth's pumpkin center mansion burns
donald j, trump to become the next florida man
president of united states declares himself florida man
a florida man jumped off his surfboard and landed on a shark
a true florida man. most viewed pornstar in pornhub. almost 1/7 world population have seen his porn. no one talks about him.
florida man arrested for launching filled diapers from catapult at moving cars
florida man humps and nuts on olaf from frozen in a public supermarket
florida man spits on trump supporter wearing maga cap in a bar, did it to show support for law enforcement
florida man uses sock as a fake gun
florida man smashes into store with brick to steal 15-pack of natty ice
florida man  dry humps  stuffed olaf doll and stuffed unicorn at local park
florida man runs out of store with $1000 worth of tools.
florida man smashes into store with brick to steal 15 packs of natty ice.
florida man confronted by skeptical felines after bringing a prohibited cell phone into a secure facility
florida man gets stuck after climbing down 30-foot well 'for bragging rights'
florida man calling himself  warrior,   sniper  allegedly threatened cops, falsely imprisoned animal control officer
florida man banned for cheating in golf game
florida man stealing condoms, lubricant leaves cell phone behind at walmart
videos of missing 15 year old girl found on pornhub, florida man arrested.
florida man steals dino bones
florida man films himself sexually abusing girlfriend's 11-year-old daughter, arrested after mother finds videos
florida man dressed as president trump for halloween said he was punched in the face while waiting to enter a haunted house
florida man tries to hotwire boat and steal it. admitting to police and park officials that he would have been right back with it.
florida man says bag he threw out window of his car contained chicken bones. police suspicious after finding no chicken grease on his fingers, but finding plenty of drugs in the bag.
florida man arrested in state park after attempting to hotwire boat. says to police and park officials;  i probably broke a few laws to get in here .
the antidote to florida man: florida girl.
florida man pulled over while driving a foot car and dressed like fred flintstone yabba dabba doooo!!
florida man arrested for attempting to bbq pedophiles at motel
florida man files patent to let everyone know he has giant balls
florida man arrested after allegedly spitting on a man and slapping his maga hat
florida man wanted for stealing condoms and lubricant from walmart store
florida man disguised as woman robs bank, steals patrol car, police allege
florida man dressed as trump at halloween fair allegedly punched in the face by 14-year-old.
florida man needs to stop calling police about his stolen weed.
florida man told police he believed a haitian girl he had been seeing placed a voodoo curse on him, causing him to hurt and rob people.
florida man brings loaded hand gun to airport
florida man student brought fake pipe bomb to high school
florida woman, who used to be a florida man, accused of setting fire to a taco bell customer and a church
florida man tried to barbecue pedophiles. i wonder if his recipe use a wet or dry rub!
florida man has sex with a stuffed olaf doll at piellas park target
florida man steals wine, cheese dip and car from garage
florida man arrested after attacking police officer
a florida man did a dna test with another florida man and discovered that they were half-brothers
florida man had sex with an olaf stuffed toy inside a target, cops say. he didn t stop there.
police: florida man punches officer in face, damages interview room
florida man jumps the shark!
a 26-year-old florida man has been accused of failing to tell three women that he was hiv positive before they had sex.
florida man accused of stealing disney costumes wrestles with deputies.
florida man gets mad at another driver, throws nunchucks through his window
florida man arrested for hurling nunchucks through suv window in fit of road rage
florida man allegedly tried on baby clothes while holding a woman hostage during break-in
florida man charged with murdering max who insulted his ex girlfriend
florida man who survived shooting two weeks ago, shot again and killed on wednesday.
florida man 'tried to get an alligator drunk by pouring beer down its throat'
homeless florida man stabs homeless women over a blanket
florida homeless man kills homeless women over a blanket
homeless florida man kills homeless women over a blanket
florida man arrested for beating a peeping tom to death
florida man arrested for having sex with a stuffed olaf doll in target
drug trafficking florida man gets married in criminal court but wasn't allowed to kiss the bride
florida man survives headshot, bullet bounces off head.
deputies arrest florida man, woman after finding kilo of meth in tide box
florida man lost at sea for 14 days claims he was sexually assaulted by mermaids
florida man who obviously cuts own hair and a voyeur fetish arrested
florida man got free stuff
florida man uses child as a shield from police..
florida man sets woman on fire outside taco bell
florida man accused of threatening publix worker with taser after stealing detergent in montgomery
florida man kyle busch (probably not the nascar driver) accused of locking girlfriend in bedroom against her will
seth meyers tries to resist the siren s call of the florida man joke
florida woman pulled over for driving with a man in a dog cage in the back of her truck.
you can't resist the call of the florida man
florida man attempts dognapping at local humane society
florida man gets tv station's helicopter tattooed on his chest
florida man sets up hidden camera in his roommate's bathroom to get video of her naked. she discovers the camera, finds video of him jerking off in the shower.
florida man gets local news helicopter tattooed on his chest
florida man arrested in connection with taco bell attempted murder
florida man steals disney costumes and fights cops
florida man set someone on fire at taco bell.
just another regular day for florida man
florida woman is groped inside haunted house, reports incident to florida man staff who offers her a beer
florida man died in a burning tesla because its futuristic doors wouldn t open, lawsuit alleges
florida man needs a job.
florida man needs a job
florida man sexually assaults two stuffed animals inside a target store
florida man drives truck into neighbors' kitchen after 'longstanding feud': 'he reached his boiling point
wtf, florida man? - 3 children were found living ankle-deep in trash in a house with 245 animals
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed olaf doll in target
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed olaf at target
florida man had sex with stuffed animals at target
florida man arrested for having sex with a stuffed 'olaf' toy and finishing with a money shot in front of target customers, then committing beastiality with a stuffed unicorn!
unhinged florida man live tweets own federal crime
florida man threatens another man after failing to flush toilet
florida man thought it was a good idea to open a video store in 2019. he was totally right.
florida man  dry humps  stuffed olaf doll at pinellas park target, police say
florida man gets arrested for having sex with stuffed animals
florida man feeds pet iguana to alligator at zoo under a jail
florida man turns himself in after allegedly robbing 3 banks in 3 hours
florida man doused woman with gasoline and set her on fire at taco bell: report
florida man accused of impregnating teen, posting explicit videos online
florida man on a mission to bring soccer hooliganism to the united states
florida man on a mission to bring soccer hooliganism to the u.s.
florida man arrested for setting woman on fire in tallahassee, florida
police: florida man who tried to kidnap, kiss girl, lured her with minnie mouse keychain, $3
florida man feeds pet iguana to alligator in florida jail zoo
florida man inmate feeds jail's pet iguana to alligator at small zoo
florida man has eaten almost nothing but mac and cheese for 17 years
naked vaseline covered florida man streaks through mall and takes dump in cash register
just asking, have you guys heard of graystillplays? he legit names himself florida man in games. heres a good example of his florida manliness.
speedy the tortoise reunited with florida man owner
naked florida man beat peeping tom to death for watching him and girlfriend have sex: cops
florida man accused of wandering into classroom while drunk enters plea
florida man, 93, marries 83-year-old woman he met at the gym
make custom florida maps with your own data for florida man news.
florida woman tries to burn down tent with man inside
florida man inmate fed pet iguana to alligator at jail's zoo
florida man and his band of trusty sidekicks storm a classified hearing; eat cheez-its and order pizza
florida man breaks into secure area for publicity stunt then tweets about it
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed olaf snowman inside target
florida peeping tom beaten to death by naked man he saw having sex
florida man introduced a bill that would make animal cruelty a federal felony and it passed in the house
florida man riding segway tells cops he drank nearly 2 bottles of wine
naked florida man arrested for beating peeping tom to death
florida man and florida woman's disagreement about "uncontrollable bowel movements" gets florida woman dumped in jail
florida man lost at sea for 14 days claims he was sexually assaulted by mermaids
florida man was a school janitor for 10 years. he felt a real connection to the kids, so he started going to night school. now he's a teacher and his students love him.
florida man drives suv into neighbor s home due to neighborly beef
florida man who spoke in front of trump, pence at white house event now behind bars
florida man with hiv 'traveled extensively:  jailed for not telling partners of virus, report says
of course it was florida man
florida woman accused of hitting man with hammer after fight about pork chops
florida man ain't no stranger. i literally know this dramatic piece of shit. he used to work for a spice place and the mom is bald and bathes as much as he brushes those teeth. please help him so he can afford a shower
florida man walks into tx apartment; watches couple have sex. "where we from we don't get that."
shirtless florida man removes 9-foot alligator from swimming pool
florida man tries to rob store to prove to his mother he s  independent 
florida man is at it again!
florida man accused of beating peeping tom to death after catching him outside girlfriend's window
florida man who blamed big penis for girlfriend s death acquitted
florida man kills family friend for  trying to pick up imaginary girlfriend 
florida man with hiv failed to inform sex partners of status
shirtless florida man removes 9-foot alligator from swimming pool, because of course he did
nude florida man steals flags from yachts
florida man arrested for dui on segway
florida man leads police in a low speed car chase and gets 5th dui charge
florida man leads cops on low-speed chase, gets 5th dui: police
south florida man arrested after beating peeping tom to death
florida man travels to meet up with underage girl for sex, is confronted by her parents instead police
naked florida man catches peeping tom outside girlfriends window, beats him to death.
florida (wo)man pretended to be an ice agent to rob someone
naked florida man arrested for beating peeping tom to death, police say it was not in self defense
florida man says hookah-smaking caterpilar told him to destroy liquor store
florida man dressed as fred flintstone gets pulled over for speeding | engaging car news, reviews, and content you need to see
florida woman accused of hitting florida man with hammer after fight about pork chops
florida man calls 911 to say roommate  stole his weed 
florida man arrested after reportedly kicking baby raccoon and dog
florida man has eaten almost nothing but mac and cheese for 17 years.
not your average florida man
florida man wanted in florida, barricades himself inside a pittsburgh home
florida man beats peeping tom to death
florida man tries to rob 3 banks in 3 hours, then surrenders to police
florida man accused of touching children inappropriately inside the ye olde christmas shoppe at disney's magic kingdom
thank you, florida man!
naked florida man jumps onto boat, steals its flag
florida(wo)man nanny gets 20 years for sex abusing child, having his baby
nude florida man, breaks into warehouse and takes a shower
florida man beaten to death for peeping in on couple having sex through bedroom window
april 22nd - florida man pretending to be cop pulls over undercover detective
florida man arrested in fatal beating of alleged peeping tom
florida man arrested in beating death of peeping tom
florida man arrested at disney world for touching
florida man pulls massive alligator from pool by playing with the reptile until it tires out
florida man lights firecrackers under child s bed
florida man forced to pay child support despite dna test proving he is not the father
florida man and his friend (also from florida) arrested in turtle trafficking ring that decimated wild turtle populations
florida woman fatally stabs man with letter opener outside seafood restaurant, police say
florida man convicted after defrauding city of ottawa | cbc news
florida man says 'i'm a prophet, not a serial killer' | winter haven double murder suspect claims he did it for god
florida man arrested for eating pasta in a belligerent manner
florida man charged with manslaughter after beating peeping tom to death
florida man forced by state to pay child support, even though dna says he is not the father!
florida man sneaks into apartment and watches couple have sex because where he's from "we don't get that"
florida man, naked, climbs aboard luxury yacht and steals us flag, before swimming away!  
florida man thought he had a bad sunburn on leg and nearly dies from flesh-eating bacteria
florida man and woman pumas have become dangerously inbred, resulting in health defects like holes in their hearts and missing testicles
florida man accused of killing and skinning neighbour s pig
florida man arrested after allegedly dropping 10-foot log on neighbor's legs and hitting him in the face - after ramming him with a tractor
florida man captures 185-lb alligator by playing with it until it tired
florida man on a tractor gets in a fight with another florida man on a tractor, rams his tractor into the other guy's tractor, drops a 10-foot log on him, beats him up and gets arrested.
florida man arrested for attempting to barbecue child molesters
naked florida man jumps aboard luxury yacht in the middle of the night and steals a us flag before diving in the water and swimming away
surveillance footage shows naked florida man stealing flag from yacht
florida man becomes obsessed with building a more perfect cantaloupe, creates 'the triton'
macaroni and cheese addict: florida man has eaten almost nothing else for 17 years
florida man in critical condition after being hit by two vehicles just minutes apart
florida man says he was  targeted by gotham s finest  during dui manslaughter arrest, police say
florida (wo)man, the testicle squeezer
florida man accused of shooting, skinning neighbor's pet pig
florida man tapes and pulls alligator out of pool.
florida man makes music video and claims he's the best musician since beethoven
a florida man called the sheriff's office to report stolen marijuana.
florida man pays off lunch debt for kids
florida man allegedly stole gun from inside car, fired it four times in neighborhood
florida man punches pregnant florida woman with twins. come for the headline, stay for the pulitzer prize winning reporting.
florida man tries on some clothes that are way too small, florida woman has a hard time finding an exit, florida man shares his beer with somebody who just tried to bite him, and florida woman gets red hot at walmart.
florida man jumps in swimming pool to remove nearly 9 foot gator
florida man plays with 'gator until it tires, pulls it from pool.
florida man invites world leaders to his house for big macs.
florida man claims only drank at stoplights and not while driving
wholesome florida man pays off whole town s school lunch debt with generous donation
deputies ask florida man to quit calling about his stolen marijuana
a florida man chases people around walmart with fresh turd from toilet
florida police tell man to quit calling about stolen marijuana
florida man told to quit calling police about stolen marijuana
florida man in custody for trump campaign finance violations, in association with rudy giuliani
the infamy raines (or florida woman snubs dying man)
just another day in florida for florida man
florida man on date night with wife and two kids, slammed to ground by waitress after grabbing her butt, and later arrested.
florida man on date night with girlfriend (of 11 years) and two kids, slammed to ground by waitress after grabbing her butt, and later arrested.
florida man and pasco sro terminated following weapon discharge in middle school cafeteria
florida man singlehandedly removes gator from pool
florida man singlehandedly removes gator from pool.
florida man uses badge from ebay to impersonate officer, police say
naked florida man with forklift and hammer wreaks havoc on a business, then showers there.
florida man arrested after allegedly breaking into restaurants, cooking food &amp; stealing money
florida man breaks into florida woman's florida house and steals her florida car keys and florida guns then steals her florida police car.
florida man calls 911 multiple times to report that his roommate stole $20 worth of weed from him
florida man shoots himself. could face charges.
not man or florida but this is nuts
florida man accused of forcing small alligator to drink beer
florida man becomes a hero and pays the lunch debt at nine different schools.
florida man named samuel l. jackson threatened to shoot a police officer after being arrested on a dui charge
florida man calls 911 several times to report roommate 'stole his weed'
tags: florida man | the smoking gun
things i thought only a florida man would do.
florida man drives into neighbor s house to settle long-standing feud, deputies say
florida man crashes forklift, smashes windows with hammer, gets naked in warehouse
florida man wreaks havoc naked before showering
florida man has eaten nothing but velveeta mac and cheese for the last 17 years
florida man discovers mysterious urn in an attic. takes it home. pours it a glass of scotch. talks to it for months. solves mystery of a missing special forces soldier.
florida man has "relations"
florida man convicted of laundering money as part of scheme that victimized city of ottawa's treasurer.
florida man pops a balloon, causes mass panic in mall.
florida man calls cops to report stolen marijuana.
florida man has eaten almost nothing else but macaroni and cheese for 17 years
drunk florida (wo)man arrested for letting her 12-year-old drive while two other children were in the backseat.
florida man runs for president, raises 5 dollars in 3 months
florida man/woman slams food tray in mall causing full lock down and evacuation of mall due to a suspected shooting
florida man charged with forcing captured alligator to drink beer
florida man challenge: which ridiculous headline matches your birthday?
florida man calls 911 to say his roommate stole his weed 
florida man calls 911 to say roommate  stole his weed 
florida man steals chainsaws and tries to sell them back to the victim 
so you thought you knew florida man
florida woman beats elderly man with metal detector, deputies say
florida man eats mac and cheese for 17 years exclusively
florida man sets trailer on fire after violent fight with girlfriend
florida man put one toddler in oven, threw boiling water on another: deputies
joel benjamin | florida man october 10 - florida man times
florida man named samuel l. jackson accused of threatening cop
florida man pays off lunch debts for every child in 9 schools
florida man pays off lunch debts for children in 9 schools
florida man tackled by former nfl star, jason taylor, after stealing a purse from a classroom at st. thomas aquinas hs
florida man arrested for dui after driving on sidewalk
report: florida man entices alligator to bite him, pours beer in its mouth
florida man smokes meth, snorts coke, takes xanax, passes out, wakes up and masturbates in hospital
florida man eats nothing but mac &amp; cheese for 17 years
crackhead florida man crawling threw the sewers, singing amazing grace in e. gallie fl
florida man asks siri how to hide dead body, uses instructions on how
florida man who's a middle school teacher arrested for taking meth, cocaine before class and xanax during lunch break
angry florida man blasts 'spying' neighbour with water gun filled with pee
florida man mistakes russian battlecruiser for us battlecruiser, while honoring u.s. navy.
florida man forces his pregnant girlfriend to smoke crack, burns her with cigarettes and crack pipe.
florida man inmate uses hidden cameras while locked up to reveal the widespread violence and drug consumption at the martin correctional institution in miami
florida man traveled to meet underage girl for sex, met by her parents instead
florida man eats nothing but mac n cheese for past 17 years
florida man arrested for attempting to get an alligator drunk
florida man thought he was stealing opioids. they were actually laxatives
florida man lives double life as dentist and champion wrestler
florida man who hid heroin where nobody wants to find it is sentenced
cross-dressing florida man robs bank, tries to take cop s gun, steals cop car, and leads police on chase
florida man finds mysterious urn in an attic. takes it home and starts drinking with it. solves the mystery of what happened to a highly-decorated veteran.
florida man wrongly accused of shoplifting in gwinnett. but then he punched a cop.
florida man travels 45 minutes to meet 16-year-old, instead met by girls parents, police
florida man who shot and killed a black man over parking dispute gets 20 years
florida man disguised as woman robs bank, steals patrol car, police allege
florida man loses $223,000 a year city job after arrest in sex sting
florida man dubbed 'shrek' and 'dumbo' internet after mugshot goes viral
florida man dubbed 'shrek' and 'dumbo' by internet after mugshot goes viral
florida man previously arrested for placing 3-year-old girl in oven rearrested for burning child
florida man pays off lunch debt for more than 400 students
florida man, 71, sprayed his neighbor in the face with a water gun full of his own urine because he thought she was spying on him for the government
florida man accused of trying to get an alligator drunk.
florida man arrested after pouring beer into a gator s mouth.
florida man arrested for plucking queen conch from the ocean. he claims ignorance.
florida man serves beer to an alligator
florida man beats mechanic with golf club for fixing car too slow, because florida man - golf digest
florida man city attorney arrested in prostitution sting
florida man does meth and cocaine before heading to work at local middle school, takes xanax and passes out at burger king for lunch.
invasion' of land crabs at florida home caught on video (chronicled by a florida man)
florida man (well actually, indonesian) got robbed so he hopped into his big rig and slammed into the robber's shitty daihatsu (use google translate)
florida man tied to giuliani arrested on campaign charges
florida man (well, actually indonesian) got robbed so he hopped on his big rig and slammed into the robber's shitty daihatsu (use google translate)
florida man who shot unarmed man in parking-space dispute sentenced to 20 years
florida man convicted of manslaughter in a dispute over a parking spot sentenced to 20 years in prison
florida man who crossdressed robbed a bank and stole a police car
florida man arrested after pulling machete on woman who refused to date him
florida man smokes meth, snorts cocaine, takes xanax, passes out, then of course, masturbates in hospital
florida man wore female underwear, tried on baby clothes during break-in, deputies say
florida man tries to escape drug charges dressed as a doctor after taken to the hospital
florida man barbecues child molester
florida man charged with forcing captured alligator to drink beer
florida man arrested for trying to get alligator drunk
florida man 2.0: behind minshew's mustache lie 'genius tendencies'
florida man has car keys taken away by friends because he's drunk, pulls out gun and shoots at his own car
florida woman choked by delaware man in walmart. stay in your lane delaware!
florida man, arrested for selling drugs, dresses up as a doctor in a bid to flee police custody
florida woman is on meth, drinks white claw while driving, and calls 911 because her man is harassing her by not answering her calls, on this week s florida men podcast
florida man leads deputies on chase with children in car
one-time florida man is the  most prolific  serial killer in u.s. history.
florida man tfw you spend all night eating beans with the boys.
florida man blinded in one eye, loses 60lbs, after fire ants swarm over his face: "this is a bad way to go out"
the air force blew up tons of explosives seized from a single florida man
florida man arrested after the id he showed to police turns out to belong to a wanted criminal
florida man tries to take off in his truck while being towed
florida man arrested for attempting to get alligator drunk.
florida man arrested for attempting to make alligator drunk.
florida man!!!!
floridaman: 'miracle man' survives 7 hours in florida heat, fire ants after collapsing in parking lot
florida man arrested for throwing live lobsters at pedestrians
florida man discovered in someone s kitchen singing and drinking milk
florida man drops off grenade at goodwill; forces evacuation and bomb squad call
florda man (florida cop) lands miami beach officer on leave for fake arrest
florida man disguises as a doctor in order to try and escape from police.
florida man fired from police force for fake arrest of lingerie-clad women.
florida man god
tumblr reports florida man with hiv uploading photo of himself having sexual relations with child
florida man boards plane without ticket
severed brakes on electric scooters result in arrest for florida man
rejected florida man threatens woman with machete
florida man arrested for selling sponges outside the u.s.
florida man arrested for allegedly breaking into a house and trying on baby clothes while holding a woman hostage
feds blew up 7,700 pounds of explosives hoarded by convicted florida man
florida man sentenced to 10 days in jail for missing jury duty
florida man entices alligator to bite him, then pours coors beer in the gator's mouth
florida man admits to selling sponges without permit
florida man arrested after allegedly forcing alligator to drink beer
florida man taken off newark-bound flight by cops after miami incident
florida man gets arrested after allegedly trying to get alligator to bite his arm and drink beer
florida man arrested after pulling machete on woman who refused to date him: records
florida man accused of masturbating in front of woman during robbery
florida man who danced naked around a fire, assaulted officers with a stick found guilty
florida man leads chase through big lots ceiling
florida man tries to gain back $40 million by filing grievances against 2 nfl teams
florida man robs gamestop while wearing transparent mask
frightened florida man fatally shoots son-in-law during birthday surprise
florida man threatens florida woman with a machete, because she won't date him!
florida man, 51, sits in high school class with a knife to  test security,  deputies say
florida man caught illegally feeding wild alligator resists arrest: "he's a good boy and he loves bagels"
florida man spends 10 days in jail for missing jury duty
florida man gets a visitor from norway!
florida man and florida woman randomly attacked by bobcat.
florida man looking for a statue made by his deceased son
florida man, inmate no. u21924, filmed a documentary on the florida prison system and nobody knew. shows florida prison in all its danger, squalor
florida man claimed  voodoo  made him shoplift from walmart
florida man shoots son in law who surprised him for his birthday
florida man gets 10 days in jail, 3 months probation, 30 hrs of community service, an apology letter and $223 fine for missing jury duty
florida man accused of pouring boiling water on boy and putting girl in oven
florida man shootd dead his father-in-law when he tried to show up for a surprise visit all the way from norway.
florida man celebrates 93rd birthday by visiting beach for the first time
florida man drives drunk through school zone, steals cough medicine from a grocery store and causes chaos at a night club
florida man shoots son who surprised him for his birthday
florida man attacks walmart cashier for no reason
florida man hypnotizes, has sex with therapy patient
florida man with toy rifle prompts lockdowns at 3 florida colleges
florida man shoots son-in-law trying to surprise him for his birthday
florida man makes discovery of a lifetime, bears playfully swimming in the ocean.
florida man becomes pigeon
florida man gets scared by man who jumps out of bushes at him, so he kills him. turns out it was his son-in-law surprising him on his birthday.
florida man arrested for oversleeping and losing jury duty. "we waited almost an hour for you to come", judge said.
florida man accidentally shoots, kills son-in-law who was trying to surprise him for his birthday
florida man gets spooked and new son-in-law dies.
florida man arrested for printing 1,000 pictures of yanet garcia s butt in office depot
florida man lottery winner arrested after releasing 145,987 snakes at his former work
florida man proclaims clearly illegal act by president is alright and totally cool.
florida man shoots son in law in birthday surprise
florida man beats grandmother with mallet and sets her on fire during best buy delivery
florida man beats, burns, and kills elderly woman during best buy delivery
florida man and his brother buy silver on the margins and lie to investors, committing over $7 million in fraud.
florida man stripper
florida man arrested for cutting electric scooter brakes
florida man jailed for missing jury duty
florida man deputy pulls over a speeding car, ends up delivery a baby
florida man arrested for cutting electric scooter brakes
florida man strikes valve spilling tens of thousands of gallons of raw sewage
florida man takes apart clothes dryer, finds stuck snake
florida man gets 10 days in jail for oversleeping, missing jury duty
florida man brings airport to a halt while running on the taxiway
florida man takes apart clothes dryer and finds an angry noodle.
florida man breaks into home, forces woman to watch porn while he masturbates, tries to wear her baby s clothes and is later identified by dna.
florida man gets 10 days in jail for oversleeping, missing jury duty
florida man accidentally kills son-in-law in surprise party gone wrong
florida man wanted for allegedly pouring boiling water on boy, 3, one year after being accused of putting girl in oven
florida man jailed for threatening to cut off teen's tongue with steak knife
florida man accidentally shoots, kills son-in-law who was trying to surprise him for his birthday: court rules no charged are to be pressed.
florida man accidentally shoots, kills son-in-law who was trying to surprise him for his birthday: sheriff
florida man overslept because he missed jury service
home security camera catches florida man pooping in stranger's driveway
florida man decides to be lego man.
florida man charges miami dolphins fan $724 for 2 beers at stadium, police say
when florida man doesn't want school shootings.
florida man hangs on traffic light and shits on cars below
florida man caught feeding alligators
florida man arrested after pelting girlfriend with mcdonald's sweet and sour packets
florida man's former escort wife tried hiring a hit man
florida man gets 10 days in jail for failing to report for jury duty
interview with author mike baron on his new novel,  florida man 
florida man and former sleep lab tech accused of touching female patients inappropriately
florida man in  despicable me  costume fired from universal orlando for flashing white power sign
florida man kills his best friend for not saying "no homo" after 10 hour anal session
florida man doing those things that florida man does.
florida man bought a lexus with his incorrect $980,000 tax refund. he took a bus to court.
florida man arrested for cutting the brake lines of over 100 e-scooters
florida man wearing shirt that says  busy doing nothing  accused of package theft
florida man or woman cut the head off an alligator
florida man arrested for cutting the brakes on over 100 electric scooters
after failing to capture alligator on its own, chicago hires florida man, who catches it in less than 24 hours
florida man gets chased by granddaughter with a knife for not giving her more tomatoes
florida man: finally a worthy opponent our battle will be legendary
florida man wrestles shark to retrieve arm
britidh florida man
florida man, fired by rocket man for charging $724 for 2 beers at dolphins game. caught when his name was included in warning from the customer s bank.
impatient florida man can't get in his car so he dials 911. four times.
florida man arrested, fired by rocket man for charging $724 for 2 beers at miami dolphins game
florida man arrested for allegedly beating up, dragging person behind stolen minivan for two blocks: 'it is horrendous'
teenage florida man taken to hospital after saving 9-year-old boy, mother from drowning
florida man may be crazy, but florida teen is a hero
florida man arrested after threatening to cut off teen's tongue
florida man caught cutting brakes on electric scooters
florida man cuts the brakes on electric scooters.
florida man 'shoots dead wife of 33 years before trying to take his own life in front of their two grandchildren' after accusing her of cheating on facebook - just one week after he bought her a new mercedes and she complained it wasn't red
fred florida man flintstone
florida man commits abortion while robbing a woman
florida man charged in shooting of teenager at cemetery
florida man goes ninja after a trash fight
florida man tortures a guy with a blowtorch
florida man throws meat at a car
florida man dragged a shark behind a boat and got arrested for 10 days
the day florida man stole christmas
florida man gets caught filming through apartment window, hurls bag of trash in victim's face when confronted
florida man throws live crocodile through wendy's window
https://www.theidentitytb.com   article florida man shot over three cases of natty ice
florida man facing federal charges spread white nationalist hate, lived with his mom and dad in the suburbs
florida man breaks into car, gets naked, puts on children s shorts found inside
florida man tortures plastic surgeon with blowtorch
florida man pleads guilty to blowtorch torture of plastic surgeon
florida man files $61 million grievances
florida man shown with samurai sword in wheelbarrow dispute
florida man shot dead by police captain for answering cell phone during movie previews
florida man buys former strip club and converts it into a church, replace poles with pews
breaking: florida man goes to hollywood. beats reigning nfc champs
florida man planned to kill his wife but ended up paralyzed
florida man dressed as fred flinstione gets pulled over for speeding
bong' misheard as 'bomb' prompts florida man to evacuate high school
florida man found dead burning in a porta potty. smoking a lit cigarette could have caused the methane gas to ignite.
florida man killed in porta-potty fire
florida man attempts to use a portable toilet, cast fireball instead
florida man accused of biting two toddlers dozens of times
florida man removed as middle school teacher after he identifies trump as the 45th president, a republican, real estate businessman and  idiot,  in a quiz.
florida man sues amazon for profiting from cuba land
a florida man in training.
florida man. teacher reassigned after quiz included criticism of president trump
florida man deputy placed on leave after woman says she gave him oral sex at a homeless camp. he says he only watched her masturbate in a tent.
mop-wearing florida man looking for eggs terrified entire family
florida man allegedly punches another man for taking too long in bathroom
florida man and florida woman arrested for drunken sex against a wall and kicking cops in the scrotum!
florida man gambles away all his investors money at a casino
florida man tries to start naked fight club at chick-fil-a
florida man doesn t cry over spilled milk, but cops respond when florida man starts throwing it
florida man with "prostitute problem" burns car for insurancemoney, starts 300-acre brushfire
dr. love," a florida man who faked being a teen doctor is freed from prison
florida man wrecks liquor shop and blames caterpillar
florida man wrecks liquor store and blames it on a caterpillar
florida man, woman caught having sex in police car after dui arrests
florida man plots to kill wife, ends up paralyzed, prosecutors say
florida man dressed as spiderman seen power washing roof
florida man arrested after bringing knife to a shovel fight.
the florida man phenomenon is discussed on the wholesome podcast
florida man who faked being teen doctor is freed from prison, known as "dr. love"
florida man says o.j. simpson was at the scene of the nicole brown simpson-ron goldman murders and he can prove it
florida man stabbed krispy kreme colleague's boyfriend after argument over donuts recipe
florida man who faked being teen doctor is freed from prison, known as 'dr. love'
florida man breaks into house he once live in, leaves wallet and phone behind
florida man arrested after trying to hide drugs in a fake can
florida man arrested after not delivering promised trailers
florida man dumps a cougar, florida woman makes a mint with her tongue, and florida couple engage in custodial coitus in this week s podcast
florida man climbs light pole, touches live wire, falls 50 feet
florida man named malachi love-robinson disguised himself as a doctor [freed from prison as of today]
florida man named orlando is police chief of city named orlando.
wanted florida man found hiding in dishwasher at sc mobile home park
florida man beats his son to death after catching him trying to get a cookie at night
florida man takes police on a low-speed chase after 5th dui - can't stop smiling
drunk florida man jailed after telling cops he's "jason bourne"
florida man has gone international
florida man who lead police on 15mph car chase gets his fifth dui
florida man uses kite string handle to rob store, gets tackled by bystanders while trying to flee
florida man breaks into house he used to live in because he  felt at home 
florida man police officer fired for arresting two six-year-olds
florida man arrested after his 4-year-old told police 'my daddy was shooting'
florida man first-grader arrested over school tantrum.
florida man rams car that had been in front of him in toll booth for being slow
florida man hired a hit man that was actually an fbi informant while trying to kill off a rival exotic animal zookeeper, is now the star of a true crime podcast.
florida man arrested after punching another florida man for taking too long in the bathroom.
florida man threatens family with coldplay lyrics ends standoff after swat promises him pizza
florida man tries to steal opioids but steals laxative instead
florida man arrested for dui after slow speed chase
florida man tries to run somebody with his truck to stop them from cutting down his tree, gets arrested, cops found his dirty panties collection and an used condom on his pockets.
florida man dressed in bull onesie attempts to burn down house with ragu sauce, police say
florida man walked into walgreens, tells cashier he s going to steal candy bar and walks out without paying
florida man appears happy to get his 5th felony dui
florida man attacks evening stroller over shoes, doesn't even steal them
florida man cop decides it'd be a great idea to start arresting 6-year-olds
florida man gets arrested for a sticker on his car
florida man leads police on 15 mph chase, gets his fifth dui. classic florida man mugshot included
florida man and louisianama up to no good
florida man (florida unborn baby?) tests positive for meth, because parents unknowingly are living in a former meth house.
florida man shoots dead his father after mistaking him for boar
not florida man but wtf even is this story
hmph! guess florida man actually saved the day!
even the infamous florida man wants you to fight climate change in a psa
florida man stabs girlfriend to death live on facetime, tries to explain murder to her father while she dies: 'he has the knife'
florida man arrested after throwing alligator through wendy's drive-thru
live pd: best of florida man/woman compilation | a&amp;e
florida man stands up for his 1st amendment rights.
florida man acts childish and loses multiple jobs, announces retirement at age 31 and threatens to grieve his 11 day employer for 10 million
florida man accused of making vulgar 911 calls
florida man says he tossed boy in ocean to teach him to swim | wsbt
drunk florida man tries to use taco as id after his car catches fire at taco bell
florida man arrested after threats to drown kids and kill adults
florida man arrested after threat to  drown kids and kill adults 
police said florida man has been crawling underneath tables at the fiu library to take a whiff at feet
florida man overdosed on kratom, down syndrome man he was supposed to be watching dies
standoff ends after police shock florida man while delivering soda
florida man identifies as ben dover
florida man unable to stop florida man from selling the rest of their possibly listeria tainted meat to eager florida men
florida man with down syndrome dies in hot car after caregiver takes drug, falls asleep
florida man caught crawling under tables in south florida university and sniffing unsuspecting women s feet.
florida man drove with bodies of wife, 4 kids to georgia, police say
the new florida man: florida raccoon rides wonderbread truck for 16 miles
florida man is an endangered species
notorious viral sensation florida man speaks up for climate change
florida man shot and killed trying to enter area 51
florida man accused of exposing himself several times tells pasco deputies he s  just an a**hole 
florida man earns title 'goat guy.' find out why...
florida man arrested after masturbating while staring into tallahassee apartment
florida man police detective gets fired after joking that he would shoot up the police station if he didn't get a plum assignment
florida man, police officer quits after making mass shooting threat
florida man found with 43 turtles inside teenage mutant ninja turtle backpack
florida man (and woman) have sex in the back of a patrol car after arrest
florida man (and woman) have sex in back of police car after being arrested for drunk driving on bicycles
florida man and florida woman busted for dui had sex in back of police car
florida man calls on the internet to save him from extinction
a sheriff's office hired florida man to be an armed school guardian. they gave him a gun and body armor. then he pawned it all because he needed gas money.
florida man - and my hs band teacher - due to complete his dream of playing the national anthem at every single mlb stadium!
florida man arrested after botched home castration on man he met via dark web eunuch fetish site
save florida man
florida man scales wkmg tower
florida man arrested for stealing bbq trailer. leaves a trail for authorities to follow.
florida man arrested for having ecstasy pills shaped like trump
florida man who dressed as captain jack sparrow found in bay by coast guard
florida woman wakes up man, cuts off her hair and starts throwing it at him before biting him
florida man is a hamburglar, ninja, treasure hunter, narc, and psychic on this episode of the florida men podcast
florida man climbs news station tower, causing the news station to shut down, then gets reported on said news station.
florida man steals bird from pet store
florida man climbs 400 foot television tower in orlando
florida man set to make history by playing national anthem on trumpet at all 30 mlb stadiums (wholesome florida man)
new york man pulls off $4 million jewelry heist, moves to the sunshine state and becomes florida man, promptly gets caught
florida man arrested for going to collect his money... and property damage
florida man, who dresses like jack sparrow, found dead after vanishing on paddleboard
florida man (and woman) get busted for dui on bike. ride each other when put in back of cop car
florida man and woman fucks in the back of a car
florida man sneaks up on woman painting a mural of himself in his house with just a hand rag covering his dick, then jerks off onto a different woman s back, brags about it in emails, then rapes the same woman
florida man and woman allegedly caught having sex in patrol car after dui arrest
florida man, woman caught having sex in patrol vehicle following dui arrests
true evil : florida man allegedly killed wife and four kids, stored bodies for weeks
florida man who dragged shark to death in viral video is sentenced
florida man accused of touching 68-year-old woman's buttocks at sawgrass mills
florida man tries to hide from deputies in trash bins
florida man prefers incarceration to the comfy surroundings of his suburban home, proving he truly is a world class florida man
florida man performs naked dance in mcdonalds prior to having sex with railing
florida man crushed to death by steel beams at metal warehouse in pompano beach
florida man fired for farting at work and filming it now the subject of a documentary
florida man and woman haves sex in the back of a cop car. (title matches article)
body of wife of florida man who murdered her lover 6 years ago found in their home
florida man spray paints the word 'slur' in bar bathroom, police say
florida man and florida woman have sex in back of cop car, after being busted for dui on bikes!
florida man and woman stopped for drunken bicycling in a florida beach town had sex in a deputy s patrol car before one of them fled naked.
florida man had sex in patrol car after arrest.
florida man kills family and drives them around in van until crash in georgia
florida man succs cops weewee and beats the cop down with an alligator
florida man gets 40 years for fake legal filings
florida man and florida woman arrested, have sex in patrol car, man flees naked
florida man tries to sell his  bugatti 
florida man dressed as captain jack sparrow missing after setting off on paddle boat
florida man dressed as captain jack sparrow missing after setting off on a paddle boat.
florida man leads police on high-speed chase while driving drunk, officers say
florida man's documentary explores true story of florida man who gets paid by parents to dress as creepy clown and terrify kids.
florida man found after 22 years by google earth showing his car underwater
my brother who s a melbourne cop arrested this florida man last night
my brother who is a melbourne cop arrested this florida man last night
florida man allegedly kills mothers boyfriend after hearing them arguing, police say.
florida man dressed as johnny depp s jack sparrow character dies paddleboarding
florida man discovers body missing since 1997 using google maps
florida man janitor charged with hiding camera in girls' locker room
florida man causes $30,000 in damages to 20 cars, blames donald trump
florida man vandalizes 20 cars then falls asleep on nearby bench
florida man who dragged shark to death from speedboat and poured alcohol down throats of fish is jailed
florida man sings his way to jail
fired for farting: the story behind florida man paul flart
florida man given recognition by gearbox as a secret achievement in borderlands iii
police torture florida man
florida man that headbangs in hurricanes also gets arrested on the 4th of july (vice)
florida man castrated a willing participant he met online then kept his severed balls in a jar next to his bedside
florida man steals woman s identity and uses stolen credit cards to buy smoothies
florida man goes porky's; allegedly spies on bathing woman with mirror through hole
palm beach post: florida man wins 8 million "no bid" deal because he is drinking buddies with city officials.
florida man sets guinness world record for longest acrylic nails
florida man says he smashed car windows because  trump owes me 1 trillion dollars 
florida man gets 40 years for creating fake international court, intimidating gov. officials
shirtless florida man fought a tree after being asked to keep away from students
florida man accidentally discovers dead body by looking at his old house on google maps
75-year-old florida man fights off alligator, saves dog
florida police officer man helps a 94 year old ww ii veteran stranger move from his florida home to his new assisted-living 2,200 miles away
florida man who dragged shark in viral video sentenced to 10 days in jail
florida man who made just a few thousand bucks working at a sizzling platter restaurant decided 'what the hell, i'll tell the irs i had $1 million in income tax withholding on my tax return' ... and the irs sent him a $980,000 tax refund.
florida man converts car to a bugatti
florida man has delightfully ironic name
floridaman uses google earth to reveal remains of man missing for 22 years in florida lake
florida man shoots music video inside police headquarters without department s knowledge
florida man puts a turd into a dress
florida man attempts to outrun police helicopter in stolen golf cart
florida man threatens coast guard "aircraft carriers" and "airliners" with depth charges
florida man jailed after threatening to shoot up local synagogue
florida man baking cookies naked using a george foreman grill starts fire in his home
beer-drinking florida man arrested after firing gun at his oven at apartment complex
got beef? florida man throws raw burger meat on car, police say
florida man gets arrested after his fake identity turns out to be wanted for theft
florida man arrested for indecent exposure for 5th time
florida man threatens coast guard with  nuclear attack 
florida man films women in their home bathroom for three years using cameras inside shampoo bottles and toilet paper rolls
remains of florida man missing for 20 years reportedly found on google earth
gotta side with florida man on this
florida man converts boat and suv into head-turning 'boat car'
florida man accidentally solves decades long missing persons case
florida man performs naked dance in mcdonald s, attempts sex with railing
florida man was obsessed with ex; calls her from 40 different cell phones, leaves her 49 letters, breaks into her home and laid on her bed
florida woman hits florida man with bag of frozen biscuits
florida (wo)man banned from disney for life because she couldn t get her smoke on.
florida man flees from police, makes a fake 911 call about a robbery in progress in order to escape from the police.
florida woman accused of hitting florida man in the head with a bag of frozen biscuits
florida man deputy accidentally shoots himself while training
florida man calls ex from 40 different cell phones, leaves her 49 letters
drunk, shirtless, florida man arrested after punching a woman in the head and going door to door picking fights
florida man trashes mosque, leaves bacon at front door
florida man slaps girlfriend's face with cheeseburger
florida man fakes hostage situation at daytona airport
florida man converts a 17-year-old mercury cougar into a $125,000  bugatti veyron 
florida man stabs five people because he might be fired
florida man goes to walmart and reads sports illustrated swimsuit issue. takes results to toy aisle. lightsabers involved.
florida man caught breaking into courthouse claims, 'they hired him' to do it.
florida man found years later in a submerged car.
florida man smashes 20 cars, claims they belong to the mafia and trump owes them $1 trillion
florida man steals from walmart, uses shopping cart as getaway car
florida man got caught on video striking his dog thanos, police avenge the dog and arrest him
maybe not florida man but... [please read intresting]
florida man smashes 20 cars, says 'i did it because donald trump owes me one trillion dollars'
florida man with indiana jones costume accidentally owns a museum's worth of artifacts
florida man accused of pulling gun on woman who refused to try his vape pen at mcdonald's
florida man gets weird in home depot parking lot, flips off father and small child while exposing himself and grabbing his junk
naked florida man allegedly broke into albany building
florida man rejected federal funds to fight hiv, sending florida infection rates soaring.
florida man migrates north for the winter?
florida man botches a sensitive operation, doesn t flush down the brown, and gets a stone cold stunner on this week s florida men podcast.
florida man cop arrested years after sting operation on massage parlor where he solicited a prostitute while on duty, act was caught on his body camera
young florida man brings bearded dragon to school in backpack
florida man smashes 20 cars, said he did it because donald trump owed him one trillion dollars.
florida man robs popeyes of cash and chicken in port st. lucie
florida man arrested after causing 30k in damages to cars. says he vandalized the cars becuase, " they belong to the mafia".
florida man x3 arrested after using stolen credit cards in cruise ship shopping spree.
florida ma am attempts to hire hit man to kill parents
florida man accused of stealing parents' money to hire people to kill them
florida man arrested after flashing and giving the figure to a father and son
naked florida man made his way to new york
florida man arrested after flashing himself and giving the middle finger to a father and son.
florida woman bites, hits man with light bulb for taking her broomstick, deputies say
florida man sucker punches and beats a canadian airman to death after he invited him over to his place for a drink.
florida man tells cops that he steals pool floats for sexual purposes so that he doesn't rape women.
florida man dances on top of police cruiser to ward off vampires
florida man and woman stops sons chemo treatment and lost custody.
florida man becomes first person to live with advanced mind-controlled robotic arm
florida man ran into roommate s vehicle with atv, flees the scene with gash on head, winds up in hostpial with large quantity of meth and claims he fell off roof
florida man gets sued by "pharma bro" martin shkreli over debt he allegedly owes the man's father
florida man (men) were upset that their burgers were cold, so they pulled a gun on the mcdonald s employee; claim they  don t play about their food 
florida man breaks in popeyes, but still can't find any of their in-demand chicken sandwiches.
florida man arrested after being caught on video delivering 'closed-fisted blows' to dog called 'thanos'
florida man is getting recognized in scandinavia!
florida man trys to run over son who wouldn't take a bath
florida man films portion of rap video in police station
florida man parks car in kitchen so it doesn t blow away in hurricane dorian
florida man who let hulk hogan have relations with his wife debuts as host on new fm station 'florida man radio'
florida man steals wine, cheese dip, and car from garage.
florida man radio station to debut in orlando, bubba the love sponge will host
florida man and women (parents) flee the state to avoid giving their son life saving chemotherapy
florida man wanted for spearing a sea turtle.
florida man throws urine into florida prosecutor s mouth during sentencing hearing
florida man k9 trained to sniff out child porn now on the job
florida man, accused of killing dancing flamingo, was hit by truck and killed before trial (birthday challenge).
rattlesnake-carrying florida man claims to be 'agent of god'
leaf-burning florida man asks cop 'did you find all my pot?
florida man in spider-man mask steals bottles from liquor store
it seems florida man has a cousin - oklahoma man driving stolen vehicle caught with rattlesnake, uranium, whiskey and firearm
intoxicated florida man marine breaks into home and cooks meal, tells alarmed homeowner to  go back to sleep 
florida man breaks into home, cooks himself food and tells owners to 'go back to sleep.'
florida man drove recklessly before crashing into power pole, flees on foot and hides down the street in bushes, gets arrested after it s discovered he s not a bush
florida man got into a car crash and gave his info to the motorists involved, flees the scene on foot and is arrested at his home
florida man got drunk and crashed into motel 6, offers cop $500 to drive him home, gets denied so he raises his offer to $600; gets arrested
florida man gets discovery channel and travel channel to follow along on his search for fla. pirate's gold. local newspaper points out, 'he was a fictional pirate'.
florida man arrested for urinating on car, running away from police
florida man arrested after attempting to flee police pursuit in stolen golf cart
florida man arrested for tossing alligator into wendy's drive-thru window
florida man x2 arrested after threatening cashier at a mcdonald s with a gun after serving them cold burgers.
deputies: florida man held woman s dog as ransom for  sexual favors'
florida man executed after over 20 years on death row for string of murders against gay men, asks for cheesburgers
florida man posed as a handyman to rob the elderly, flees the state and is found posing as a pastor collecting hurricane relief funds
florida man spent years breaking into homes while people were on vacation, suspected of stealing over $400,000
florida man arrested in walmart shooting threat called himself white nationalist in facebook post, cops say
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so hurricane dorian won t blow it away
florida man who was drunk, arrested after crashing car into a power pole and then hides in bushes to avoid authorities.
florida man arrested after hitting dad with pizza because he was mad he helped birth him
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so it won't blow away during hurricane dorian
florida man arrested after doing roof work with an expired license since 1993.
florida man jailed for giving girlfriend a wet willy
florida man x2 arrested after harvesting berries without a permit.
florida man  wet willy bandit  back behind bars after going viral earlier this week, being discovered to have broken his terms of probation
florida man accused of filming co-workers at st. pete insurance company
florida man met 2 women at a bar, went back to his home for drinks, left the room and returned fully nude, freaks out when they try to leave
florida man goes viral for headbanging during hurricanes while hoisting an american flag
florida man breaks into house and makes breakfast, tells homeowner  go back to sleep 
florida man moves to nc beach and tries to drive to europe while enjoying a libation
florida man arrested after keeping dog hostage. wouldn t give it up unless  sexual favors  would occur.
police: florida man, 88, burns raccoon over eating mangoes
mods are asleep, here s wholesome florida man buying 100 generators for the bahamas after hurricane dorian
florida man burgles home, cooks breakfast, tells resident 'go back to sleep'
watch as shirtless florida man greets hurricane dorian
the florida man redemption
an act of kindness from a florida man who buys more than 100 generators to send to bahamas
suspected burglar cooks breakfast, tells florida man 'go back to sleep'
florida man has a smart ideas
florida man goes viral for headbanging in category 5 hurricane
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing electricity for cannabis grow house
florida man is sometimes a pretty cool dude
meet the florida man who went viral for headbanging in a hurricane
florida man tosses urine on prosecutor in broward county courtroom
florida man and aircraft mechanic intentionally disables the navigation system on a plane with 150 people on board.
florida man steals uber drivers car, leaves him stranded on the highway, gets arrested.
florida man points gun at woman over unfinished laundry
florida man buys over 100 generators to send to bahamas
florida man arrested forgiving wet willys
florida man arrested in walmart shooting threat called himself white nationalist in facebook post, cops say
florida man claims someone shot him. it turned out he shot himself
florida man got drunk then broke into a man's home, made himself breakfast and when questioned, told homeowner to go to sleep. flees home and tries hiding in swamp
florida man breaks in to cook himself breakfast, tells homeowner  go back to sleep 
florida man arrested in nude attack against female tourists in key west
florida man steals cases of chicken and batter from popeye's
florida man buys over 100 generators to send to bahamas
florida man breaks into house, makes breakfast, tells homeowner "go back to sleep"
florida man breaks into home, cooks breakfast, tells resident 'go back to sleep
florida man breaks into house, cooks meal, tells homeowner to go back to sleep
florida man breaks into house, cooks meal, tells homeowner to go back to sleep.
florida man, 48, who killed pinky the dancing flamingo at busch gardens in 2016, dies after being hit by a truck while crossing a busy road in orlando
florida man takes on dorian shirtless, with american flag in south carolina
florida man takes flight over a pier during hurricane
florida man aims to start conversation with shocking 'back to school' images
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so it won t blow away
florida man stops street fight by running everyone over
florida man puts dragon lizard in his mouth, smacks people with it
florida man parks smart car in kitchen over fear hurricane dorian would blow it away
florida man, 81, dubbed 'holiday bandit' arrested after burglarizing posh nyc apartments
florida man discovers hella hurricane cocaine haul has washed up on his shores after dorian arrives.
a different kind of) florida man buys 100 generators from costco to send to bahamas
florida man arrested when officer mistakes krispy kreme doughnut glaze for meth
florida man seen on video running away after stealing wallet from man in wheelchair
florida man steals bicycle from repair shop, comes back minutes later to casually look around the store for items to purchase
florida man hired woman to wash his laundry, she took longer than he wanted so he pulled a gun on her
florida man meets with woman to buy rings, flees when she leaves them for a minute to get paper from her car
florida man threatened patrons at rib city before jumping in river, gets caught by police practicing his breast stroke
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so it won't "blow away" in hurricane dorian
florida man parks car in house to save car from hurricane
florida man gets tired from job, so he decides to make a fake active shooter 911 call, gets arrested.
florida man gets fired from his job, makes a fake 911 call and gets arrested.
florida man parks car in his kitchen so it doesn t blow away
florida man on vice
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so it won't blow away
florida man drowns a 2nd time, same spot, a year apart.
vice documentary: florida man, "the hurricane slayer" lane pittman goes viral for headbanging in category 5 hurricane https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqn1tm4xdwk&amp;t=13s
florida man parks his smart car in his kitchen to protect it from hurricane dorian
a florida man story that does not involve florida man getting drunk or getting naked
florida man buys 100 generators to send to bahamas after hurricane dorian
smart car in kitchen: florida man worried hurricane dorian would "blow away" his car, parks it inside his jacksonville home's kitchen
florida man breaks into home, cooks breakfast, tells resident  go back to sleep 
florida man buys 100 generators to donate to the bahamas
florida man buys 100 generators to help bahamas
alabama man threatens to kill and burn down florida mans home, gets arrested.
sadly, the military won t be taking the advice of this florida man to stop hurricanes
florida man broke into woman s home, starts to use swiffer to clean up mess but is arrested before he can finish cleaning
florida woman accused of throwing coffee table, green bell pepper at man
florida man receives $80,000 after mistaken arrest
police called to investigate robbery in progress by alleged florida man cat burglar, turns out it s just a cat named bones; police arrest the cat
florida man arrested after stealing 12k in electricity to power a marijuana house
florida man to fight dorian with karate!
florida man and florida woman walk raccoon during hurricane
florida man keeping his car safe
florida man parks car in kitchen to protect from hurricane dorian
florida man goes viral for his absolutely hilarious plan to fight hurricanes
florida man embraces dorian high tide with a speedo, frustrating local reporter trying to scare everyone away
florida man dies after fall while trying to trim tree with chainsaw in preparation for hurricane dorian
florida man, 81, dubbed &amp;#x27;holiday bandit&amp;#x27; arrested after burglarizing posh nyc apartments
florida man finds frogs in wind chimes before hurricane
florida man material
florida man buys 100+ generators to send to the bahamas
florida man upset that his laundry wasn t finished, so he points a gun at a florida women, gets arrested.
florida man tells homeowner to go back to sleep while he s cooking food in their kitchen after breaking in
looks likes the florida man is becoming a series called what the florida on vice. hurricane headbanger is first episode.
florida man thinks money can help him bully florida homeowner
florida man parks smart car in his kitchen
florida man parks smart car in kitchen so it wont blow away
good guy florida man
florida man becomes his own antihero
florida man becomes his own antihero
florida man podcast!
florida man arrested for aggressive wet willying his girlfriend
68-year-old florida man dies making hurricane dorian preps
florida man commits sexual assault on a baby in chick fil a bathroom
florida man is now weather man, as he suggests ice be dropped in ocean to cool waters and air force fly in circles around dorian to alter hurricane path!
florida man with a clown phobia gets triggered on this episode of the florida men podcast
victim regrets confrontation with sword-wielding florida man over garden cart
florida man (men) arrested after stealing sandbags in front of police officer
florida man gets arrested after police discover meth and fentanyl inside mcnuggets container
florida man lets out his inner joker, threatens to blow up hospital, apologizes and says he s stupid
florida man arrested after throwing a turkey sandwich at a florida women in an argument
florida man (my brother) saved a woman from committing suicide.
florida man steals chis jericho's aew world championship belt at a tallahassee longhorn steakhouse
florida man steals chris jericho's aew world championship belt at a tallahassee longhorn steakhouse
f's in the chat for florida man bois.
florida man parks car in kitchen to save it from hurricane dorian
just in: florida man has figured out how to stop hurricanes
florida man roberto oquendo, 38, has been caged for 50 years for conspiracy to produce child pornography and production of child porn. evil mum made toddlers  have sex with each other  while paedo boyfriend watched vile footage over the internet.
florida man gets in car chase, flees on foot, gets arrested but claims he wasn t in vehicle but was running from it
florida man (men) arrested after forging prescriptions for hundreds of oxycodone pills, fraud discovered because  percocet  and the number  twenty  were spelled wrong
florida man wants the military to fight hurricane dorian with ice
florida man has great taste, steals $33,000 worth of watches
florida man arrested after giving girlfriend  wet willy 
hurricane dorian: florida man hurricane headbanger lane pittman chasing another storm
florida man dressed as fred flintstone stopped by deputy
i know this isn t florida man but utah mothers behave in a very similar way.
florida man says the military should drop ice and fly around hurricane dorian to stop it
florida man is whitehouse advisor?
florida man killed after his vape exploded
florida man gets off on murder charge by using big dick defense
florida man wants the u.s. military to fight hurricane dorian with ice - copyleft today
florida man bitten, scratched by kinkajou before he traps it in bathroom
florida man has sex with aligator
florida man turkey hunting rednecks and haters redneckin it up!
this seems like it applies to every florida man. florida was told not to shoot at hurricane dorian and has been told this for every hurricane since irma...
florida woman catches florida man and florida woman filling up home depot buckets with gas in preparation for hurricane dorian
florida state asks all florida man to please not shoot at the incoming hurricane
florida man parks car in a garage away from hurricane dorian winds.
florida man methed up
florida man methed up
florida man fights back...a hurricane.
florida man prepares for hurricane dorian by gassing up open buckets
florida man threatened to chop man with machete after not flushing toilet
florida man arrested for trafficking drugs within 1,000 feet of a church
florida man rents u-haul, gets arrested after keeping it for 24 days because he  didn t have a ride back home 
florida man gets bored, shoots at cars trying to leave apartment complex
florida man "popa" was arrested after selling drugs to undercover cop, police find variety store of pills and guns at his home
florida man being investigated after allegedly stealing over $70,000,000 from foreign oil companies
florida man on the run for first degree murder; firing a deadly missile
florida man sells ecstasy pills shaped like trump
florida man hurricane skateboard sail
florida man threatened to chop man with machete for not flushing toilet.
florida man threatens another florida man with a machete for not flushing a toilet
florida man gets pulled over for speeding, police find he s driving with a suspended license and in possession of a stolen gun and oxycontin
florida man drives while suspended, runs a stop sign and flees from police, drives home to momma
florida woman gets arrested after scratching florida man for disliking how he talked to her friend
florida man sets up sham companies to defraud xerox out of over $25,000,000 in toner, profits wildly
florida man sues popeyes for running out of chicken sandwiches
florida man arrested after sending obscene photo to 14yo
naked florida man bikes backwards on miami highway
florida man hospitalizes second man after argument over tupac.
topless florida man in hurricane florence: i'm free and american
florida man prepares for hurricane dorian by gassing up open buckets
florida man a new challenger approaches
florida man has a cinderella story, leaves his shoe at scene of robbery which leads to his arrest
florida man "racoco" is indicted as drug kingpin, was caught with 17 kilograms of cocaine and $200,000 in cash in hotel room
florida man wanted for check fraud arrested in thomasville
oh snap! florida man caught with undersized snappers is facing jail time
florida man accused of threatening woman with running chainsaw
florida man cyberstalked former friend, cries for her to talk to him, says he ll have the last laugh, winds up in prison
florida man who mowed grass while naked wants his teaching job back
florida man was selling trump-shaped ecstasy pills, cops say
florida man brings fossilized dinosaur egg to his dentist s office so she can x-ray it to see if there s a baby dinosaur trapped inside
florida man teacher fights to get job back after being videotaped mowing yard naked
florida man is the king of cornhole
florida man catches air while surfing, lands on shark, gets bit
florida man sprays neighbors with-bug spray hits himself in the head with nunchucks
florida man arrested in texas for throwing rock into georgia hotel pool, injuring indiana softball player
florida man gets ready to sail durian away.
florida man arrested after a rape was heard over ps4
florida man smashes spearfishing world record for halibut
florida man claiming to be god arrested after touching people, fighting with police, getting tased
florida man sells $1,000,000 in fake yeti products, says the mugs from china looked real enough to him
florida woman attacked man with a hammer multiple times for returning her vehicle late
florida man named  amazon  fuels his state s drug trade by selling stolen power tools
florida woman goes  stone cold steve austin  on florida man who flaunts his jiu-jitsu skills
florida man steals a bull, gets puked on by vultures, corrals a cougar, and is attacked by a kinkajou on this week s florida men podcast.
florida man goes airborne while surfing, lands on shark.
florida man finally gets his lottery money from the man
florida man, a neo-nazi and non-white trump supporter arrested after threatening to wipe out all non-whites in race war
florida man arrested for attacking micheal jackson impersonator
florida man points machete in victim's face, demands he flush the toilet, deputies say.
florida man, a marine vet teacher, on leave after telling students he would 'be the best school shooter'
florida man arrested for dumping dirt on girlfriend with tractor
florida man who didn t flush toilet threatened griping friend with machete: police
florida man faces assault charge for threatening man with a machete as victim failed to flush toilet! florida man is quoted as saying "shit happened!"
sometimes fast food isn t fast enough. florida man thought a punch might help.
a florida man is being called out after writing  wtf is this?  on a student s homework
florida man arrested for doughnut glaze
florida "stand your ground" case: jury finds michael drejka guilty of manslaughter in shooting death of unarmed black man
florida man gets 30 months in prison after shooting himself while drinking
florida man arrested after cutting stranger who asks for lighter
florida man gets drunk in car and accidentally shoots himself; blames it on robber but gets 30 months in prison
florida man took friends boating while drunk, crashes boat, friends go airborne, chaos ensues
florida man calls 911 to report he s out of vodka
florida man dressed like a dinosaur gets arrested after chasing kids on a park
florida man gets 15 months for threatening to decapitate bernie sanders
florida man crashes stolen audi, threatens homeowner with ax, found naked in waffle house while trying to kiss her arm while being arrested
florida man offers two-word explanation for why he menaced victim with machete for not flushing toilet
florida man threatens to attack someone with a machete after they didn t flush the toilet.
florida man surfer goes airborne, lands on shark, gets bit
florida man running over ducklings
florida man arrested after performing botched castration surgery inside his home
florida man pulled over for dui. says he wasn't drinking and driving, just at stop signs
florida man radio!? orlando stations plan new format with bubba the love sponge, shannon burke
florida man plays through giant gator because... florida
florida man arrested at best buy for impersonating a federal marshal
florida man uses false id's an stolen credit cards to purchase over $55,000 worth of merchandise
florida man flees from police on motorcycle, rides home and destroys evidence before getting arrested
florida man gets fingered after job application requiring finger printing ties him to cold case
florida man arrested by police after demanding cash and donuts from krispy kreme |
florida man gets attacked by kinkajou
florida man harasses michael jackson impersonator outside of club
barefoot florida man gets tangled in drapes during burglary in destin
florida man charged for stash of trump-shaped ecstasy pills
florida man band director assaulted after gators clinch victory over hurricanes
florida man claiming to be god arrested after touching people, fighting with police, being tased
florida man gets $37,000 after police mistake his donut glazing for crystal meth
some florida man may end up actually doing it
florida man opens front door; kinkajou runs in, bites him
florida man bitten by kinkajou. looks like he found a challenger.
florida woman hits man with her car, drives to work then tells husband to take care of it
florida man goes on robbery spree, gets arrested after 6th robbery in a month
florida man gets caught prowling in backyards cutting power to homes, can t tell police why, gets arrested
florida man wanted for grand theft auto says it was a  misunderstanding 
not a florida man but it s florida man worthy
florida man arrested after botched castration on man he met via dark web eunuch fetish site
florida man tells students how he could be a school shooter.
florida man teacher told students if he were a school shooter, he'd have a 1,000-person body count
florida v. drejka: drejka found guilty of manslaughter for shooting man during handicap parking dispute
florida man kidnaps 12-year-old thinking he has drugs, boy jumps out of moving truck to escape, police say
florida man kills imaginary friend then turns himself in.
florida man found guilty of manslaughter in fatal 'stand your ground' shooting of markeis mcglockton
florida man, drunk and naked, allegedly set house on fire in failed cookie baking attempt
florida man sells his wife on amazon for free
florida man whips it out and touches himself in front of undercover deputy, deputy whips out badge and arrests him
florida man barricades himself in second story apartment, attempts to elude police by jumping out window, gets arrested
florida man is a willy wonka wannabee; robs concession stand and gives out hundreds of treats for free, flees the area
florida woman accused of driving into man trying to repossess car
florida man spanks 4 year old boy with plastic spoon, forces child to sit on the toilet for 5 hours
florida man threatens to behead bernie sanders "isis-style," gets 15 months.
florida man charged in deadly parking lot shooting found guilty of manslaughter
florida man removes yard
florida man golf's through gator
florida man posed as officer to get discount at mcdonald's
florida man arrested for shoplifting after job interview
florida man poses as eugenie bouchard's brother for 2 months.
florida man was mad his mcdonald s order was taking too long, so he punched the female worker in the face
dirty rotten scoundrel, florida man arrested after scamming people by making up stories of misfortune
florida man accused of 'prowling' in backyards while cutting off electricity to homes
florida man getting his own radio station.
florida man consults his faith, decides evolution shouldn't be taught to children
florida man attacks jogger with sword over wheelbarrow left in trash pile: police
florida man drowns while trying to hide from police
nothing can trump this one, thank you florida man very cool
police: florida man arrested on suspicion of dui after speeding through school zone
florida man charged after botched castration
florida man picks up and kidnaps boy because he though he was a teenager who could sell him drugs.
florida man arrested after he castrated another man he met on a eunuch fetish site
florida man gets 15 months for threatening bernie sanders
florida man accused of making child sit on toilet for 5 hours, spanking child with plastic spoon during potty training
florida man dumps a load of dirt onto his girlfriend s car while he was upset. except, it was not her car.
florida man charged with mischief after angrily dumping a large amount of dirt on girlfriend s car. car did not belong to her.
florida man followed car on i-4 while masturbating, troopers say
florida man arrested for botched castration inside highlands county home
florida man accused of putting semen in coworkers water.
a florida man fed a kinkajou. the next morning, the 'super aggressive' exotic creature attacked him
florida man pleads guilty to extensive cyberstalking and threats campaign
florida man and niece choke uber eats driver who crashed his car, punch him in the face and steal his bag, police say
florida man is not good at circumcision
florida man arrested after alleged botched castration inside home
florida man sells 'fully functioning' f-16 fighter jet online
florida man charged with impersonating officer for mcdonald's discount
florida man whips it out on the highway, follows woman for miles while touching himself, tells officer  this is my property i do what i want 
florida performs a botched castration on another man
florida man performs botched castration on another man
florida man preforms surgery at his house
a florida man had  a midnight rendezvous  at a construction site. cops want him
florida man arrested for performing a botched castration surgery on another man: report
florida man performs castration
florida man attacked by a kinkajou after feeding it watermelon
florida man swings sword over throwaway cart, enlists sidekick florida woman to finish the heist
florida man arrested for making child sit on toilet for 5 hours, spanking him during potty training
florida man shoots at cops during roitine traffic stop because voices tell him to
florida man kidnapped child who was dropped off by school bus
florida man attempts to report gun stolen to police... and implicates himself in a july shooting outside a synagogue
florida man accidentally shoots teen while attempting to unload handgun
titusville, florida man charged with impersonating officer for mcdonald's discount
florida man - south florida home to over 1,300 sugar daddies, report says
florida man falls asleep outdoors with starfish on face
florida man steals a raffle bike with honest brand name on it
florida man runs off to drink a beer after mooning deputies, cops say
florida man drove a scooter out of a wal-mart and kept going for another mile until he pulled into a gas station to charge up.
florida man attacked by kinkajou
florida man arrested for performing botched castration surgery on a man he met through a eunuch fetish website
florida man arrested after in-home castration goes wrong
florida man arrested for botching castration on victim he met on dark web, deputies say
florida man breaks into restaurant strips eats noodles and plays the bongos
florida man assaults his grandfather with apple. oh, and also threatens to decapitate him with machete.
florida man attacks florida woman in front of her kids, florida boy saves the day by fighting back
florida man arrested after botched home castration on man he met via dark web eunuch fetish site
neighbors tackle incoherent florida man after he throws brick through window
florida man arrested after botched home castration
castration catastrophe: florida man arrested in botched procedure
florida man fails castration
can i get a hell yeah: florida woman crushes 2 beer cans and then proceeds to "stone cold steve austin" a man
florida man drops the ball
a florida man feeds a kinkajou, the next morning it attacks.
florida man allegedly tries to steal plane in florida
florida man met another guy on a eunuch fetish site then castrated him, police say
florida man hosts an anonymous orgy, flashes a liquor store clerk, and crashes his golf cart inside walmart in this week s florida men podcast.
florida man botches darkweb castration
florida man arrested after botched castration inside home
a florida man fed a kinkajou. the next morning, the 'super aggressive' exotic creature attacked him.
florida man bashes elderly woman with mallet, sets her aflame while delivering for best buy
finding florida man  a report on south carolina public radio
florida man says gun stolen from home during orgy
florida man (men and women) named one of the least friendliest states in us
florida man loses home to vultures
florida man gets drug charge for trump-shaped ecstasy pills
florida man charged with performing castration at home
florida man charged for possession of trump-shaped ecstasy pills
florida man goes to trial in deadly parking lot shooting case
florida man arrested for having trump-shaped ecstasy pills
florida man overdoses on ecstasy shaped like trump's head
florida man robs sporting goods store with baseball.
connecticut man just doesn't have the same ring to it that florida man does.
florida man threatens neighbors with nunchucks and bug spray, but only injures himself: reports
florida man throws urine on man for passing a drug test.
watch: florida man attacks jogger with sword during fight over who gets to take home a plastic dump cart found on a trash pile
florida man had his car blocked in by man repairing his remote control car, shoots at him when he refuses to move
florida man loses right to bear arms because he has the same name as man who was accused of various crimes
florida man set woman's house on fire after dispute at bar
florida man lyft driver explains why he inappropriately touched female rider: "i'm just a man"
florida man busted with ecstasy shaped like trump's head
florida man lowkey admits to being a pool hustler in the newspaper
florida man attacks jogger with sword after dispute over trash
florida man arrested after performing castration
florida man attacked and burned my mom's elderly clients wife.  
google florida man plus your birthday to find your floridaman spirit animal
florida man arrested for botched castration inside tampa bay area home
florida man allegedly castrated another florida man he met online, but it all went wrong
florida man wildly swings sword at jogger in fight over trash
florida man arrested for botched castration inside home...
florida man arrested for having orange trump-shaped ecstasy pills
florida man beats, burns boca raton woman with liquid chemical, police say
florida man botched castration
florida man runs over woman on scooter then dragged her 8 miles and leaves her on side of highway.
florida man arrested for botching castration on victim he met on dark web, deputies say
florida man, 74, castrates a man,53, he met on eunuch fetish site, using skills he learned working on a farm in his youth!
florida man met another guy on castration fetish site and castrated him
florida man arrested for having trump shaped ecstasy pills
florida man attacks jogger with sword during fight over who gets to take home plastic dump cart found on trash pile
florida man bitten, scratched by kinkajou before he traps it in the bathroom.
florida man arrested for selling orange ecstasy tablets in the shape of trump s face
florida man feeds kinkajou watermelon--so it waits outside his door for more.
florida man botches home castration on willing 2nd party
florida man arrested for having trump-shaped ecstasy pills
florida man arrested after botched castration on another man
florida man castrates other florida man
florida man claims to set twitch record for most hours streamed in a month.
florida man charged with performing castration at home
florida man dumps dirt on girlfriend with stolen vehicle
did you guys hear the florida man national anthem yet?
florida man shoves steaks down pants
florida man takes pic of alligator climbing over fence on fl naval base.
florida man, among others, arrested after expressing interest in committing mass shooting.
florida man caught on camera masturbating in thonotosassa construction site, deputies need your help to find him
florida man thinks he can hit a target at 3 miles with a .22.
florida man literally took a bull by the horns, steals animal and puts it up for sale at cattle auction
florida man brandishes sword during fight about trash picking
florida man swings sword over trash dispute in oakland park | miami herald
florida man asks man if he's a child molester then punches him
florida man opens door to go to work. immediately attacked by kinkajou that rushed into apartment.
florida man dresses as raccoon to rob vending machine
florida man with emoji on forehead harasses a child
florida man steels bull, tried to sell it at auction where true owner recognized it
florida man arrested for urinating in child's mouth
florida man charged with using front end loader to dump 'bucket full of dirt' on car his girlfriend was driving
florida man dumps dirt on girlfriend with tractor
florida man casually walked out of courtroom before sentencing, recaptured after 2 weeks on the lam
argument at morriston card game leads to assault charge for florida man
florida man arrested after telling a playground full of kids where babies come from
florida man stuffs over $50 worth of steak in his pants in attempted theft, deputies say
florida man uses tractor to dump dirt on girlfriend's car, police say
florida man has crabs
florida man blows sleeping buddy, charged with assault
spider-man' seen pressure washing roof of florida home during rainstorm
florida woman threatens man with scissors in fight
florida man has penis sliced off in temp-job accident
florida man threatens to kill 100 people
florida man arrested after using loader to dump mountain of dirt on girlfriend s car - new york daily news
florida man dumps dirt on ex-girlfriend's car.
florida man -imal gets caught attempting to pilfer snacks from a vending machine
gun stolen from wild gay weekend orgy, florida man tells cops
florida man in walmart shoplifts a bottle of wine, chugs in bathroom, gets arrested
florida woman lied to get florida man arrested after he failed to pay her for drive to hotel
florida man was arrested after robbing a bank while wearing plastic bag over his head
florida man loves his cheese; gets arrested after stealing car, wine and cheese whiz from garage.. police catch him covered in cheese stains
is that a reel in your pants or are you just happy to see me? florida man arrested after being caught on camera shoving fishing reel down pants
florida man jumps out of his fifth-floor room window at the hospital, taken to emergency room by first responders
florida man dumps dirt on car after girlfriend refuses to answer question
florida man pees on things
florida man proud of his farm's pioneering work growing giant phallic avocadoes
florida man makes underwater glock to hunt lionfish
florida man doing florida man things.
florida man threatens to "off" victim over remote-controlled cars, police say
jacksonville florida man points gun at school bus over $20
florida man arrested after dumping heaps of dirt on his girlfriend's car
florida man news ancho wasn t expecting the camera o cut back to him.
florida man uses toddler as human shield to fend off police dogs after keeping child captive in attic for four hours
florida man uses front-end loader to bury girlfriend's car
second one of the day! another florida man shoves things down his pants, gets arrested after drinking stolen wine in walmart bathroom
obnoxious pride in america  florida man threatens to stab elementary school children. plot is foiled by roommate who saves the day by distracting and then calling police on florida man.
florida man arrested after chugging $7 bottle of wine in walmart bathroom: report"
florida man arrested after chugging $7 bottle of wine in walmart bathroom...bottoms up!
florida man county commissioner receives box of 'industrial strength dildos'
florida man leaves a trail of cheese dip and wine after attempting to steal car out of a garage
florida man hospitalized after green milk drinking contest
florida man lawyer who claimed marijuana was legal must pay arrested clients $370k
florida man arrested for mass shooting threats
florida man who was originally pulled over during a traffic stop managed to break away, taking an undercover cruiser and leading deputies on a chase.
florida woman's first date with man ends in police chase
florida man approached women while masturbating in an apartment complex
florida man allegedly wanted to stab students at elementary school painted like an american flag
florida man who is a pastor molests teen. tells teen's mother he's "praying and fasting for forgiveness"
the priorities of this florida man are pretty much what you would expect.
florida man shoots himself in groin with flare gun
florida man records himself performing sex acts on his dog
florida man hides camera phone in convenience store restroom to 'catch girlfriend cheating with another man'
florida man used toddler as human shield when police k-9 was sent after him
florida man facing charges after attempting to steal $120 worth of merchandise from york store
florida woman pulled out a gun, then struck a man with a baseball bat before biting off part of a child's finger
florida man was arrested after sending woman 10,000 text messages in 12 days, threatens to drive tanks around america
florida man accused of holding uber eats driver against her will
florida man was drinking with a friend before arguing over penmanship, tells friend he wants to have sex with him, friend refuses so he pulls out a sword
florida man replaces testicles with bakugan balls
florida man takes blowtorch to atm and welds it shut instead
florida man sprays neighbor with roach spray then hits himself in the face with nunchucks
florida man works every day inside a sunbaked urban swamp fog humidity hell.
florida man arrested for attacking someone with machete, fcso says
florida man steals car then wrecks it. then steal an unmarked cop car goes on high speed chase before crashing. then starts throwing blood on officers while being tased
florida man says he hid phone in store toilet to catch girlfriend's affair
florida man threatened to blow up planes and chuches while sending woman 10,000 texts in 12 days, cops say
florida man allegedly points gun at late deliverymen:  i ve shot people for less 
florida man tells officers he vapes thc to "prepare himself for the return of jesus"
florida man pries open gator s mouth to get his dog back
florida man threatened to bring a gun to walmart if remote control car didn't work, clearwater police say
florida man asks walmart employee for 'anything that would kill 200 people'
florida man hits loud group with roach spray, then hits self with nunchucks
florida man sheriff chokes his partner by mistake
florida man is terrible at taking care of animals, gets arrested after officer nearly passes out from smell of pig poop
perverted florida man hid camera in smoke detector, took nude photos of woman renting room in his house
african american florida woman wanted to play master and slave, florida man didn't want to play so he spat in her face
florida man scammer victor blanco arrested months after stealing $67,000 swiss watch, ahh privalage
florida man robbed a bank, stole a car, tries to swim away from police, cries when he gets caught in a current and threatens rescuing officer
florida man jogs naked. florida woman jogger is unamused.
florida man wants to stab children over american flag mural
police: florida man said he'd bring gun to walmart if toy was broken
florida man accused of intentionally running over ducklings, killing 2: police
florida man wears plastic bag with eye cut-outs to hit wilton manors bank
florida man and congressman matt gaetz believes florida should change its welcome signs to 'there's no age you can't be sexy'
florida man threatened to kill children at elementary school because 'building is painted like an american flag'
florida man emails iberiabank ceo offering $100bn for the death of every black police officer
florida man reportedly plans to kill elementary school students   because of the school's 'obnoxious pride in america'
florida man threatened to kill children at elementary school because "building is painted like an american flag"
florida man threatened to kill children at elementary school because  building is painted like an american flag 
florida man allegedly attacks neighbors with roach spray, hits himself with nunchaku
florida man dresses up like a woman, reads dr. seuss book to families.
florida man extorts over $8k from woman in uk
disgruntled florida man drives golf cart into walmart
man, florida man has some tough competition.
florida man accused of threatening neighbors with nunchucks &amp; bug spray
police: florida man thought he stole opioids, got laxatives instead
florida man dies in meth-lab explosion after lighting farts on fire
bloody &amp; bowed but not broken florida man tased by pasco county sheriff s deputy
compilation of florida man and woman for 2019
florida man kills parents and brother after they cut off his relationship with webcam model, to whom he sent $200,000 in stolen money. gets life in prison.
florida man goes entrepreneurial, gets arrested for possession and trafficking of cocaine and other narcotics
florida man got grocery store road rage; runs into store clerk who blocked the aisle, flashes a handgun
florida man was arrested after allegedly spanking his child with a frying pan because the child didn't know the answer to question
a lot of florida man happening in this photo
57 year old florida man throws rager with teenagers
florida man arrested after threatening to bring a gun to walmart if remote control car didn't work
florida man caught masturbating tells police he s  captain kirk 
florida man wears plastic bag over his head to rob bank
florida (white) man arrested for spitting in his black girlfriend's face because she wanted to try "slavery role play" in the bedroom and he didn't.
florida man arrested for spitting in his black girlfriend's face because she wanted to try "slavery role play" in the bedroom and he didn't.
florida man teacher tells class demonic energy is coming from the bathroom
florida man slows down on speed bump then floors it when he sees ducklings playing in a puddle.
florida man takes golf cart on wild ride into florida walmart store
florida man says his gun was stolen during masked sex party at his house
florida woman, maid of honor at a friend's wedding, drinks an entire bottle of fireball, nearly runs over the best man in his own car, starts punching the guests, strips in front of the deputies, assaults two medics, and gets herself arrested
florida boat race stopped by naked, drunk, disorderly man in water, deputies say
is that a gun in your pants? florida man in stable condition after shooting himself at bass pro shops
florida man is an aspiring white supremacist, says he is getting his ar-15 back and not to go to walmart when he does
florida man asked man for money, when he was turned down he sat in the man s car, pointed a gun and asked for his keys
is that a gun in your pants? florida man in stable condition after incident at bass pro shops
florida man trespassing at go-kart track crashes and dies
florida man crashes into walmart with a speeding golf cart, is then chased with stun gun
naked florida man bicyclist stole underwear from sex shop.
florida man arrested for dui says he smoked pot to prepare for jesus to return
florida man takes his live hand grenade out for a little ride
florida man attacks wife's lover with scissors and flees with his penis, police say
florida man develops bizarre theory that kind of makes sense
florida man tells woman:  hey, look at this  &amp; pulls out genitals, charged with indecent exposure
florida man has 'live' grenade during traffic stop
florida man arrested for social media threat
real life tarzaan florida man locked up after being arrested for burglary and assault
well that's ignorant - naked florida man arrested after stealing pair of crotchless underwear, tells police he s michael jackson
florida man was pulled over for a traffic infraction, pulls out a hand grenade
florida man takes a knee during national anthem after winning gold medal in fencing.
florida man upset about recent gun violence walks into a walmart and asks for something that "would kill 200 people".
florida man breaks into go kart track, races friend, eschews helmet, crashes, dies. pitbull photo accompanies article.
florida man subreddit run by compromised hacks; won't post up legit posts by new members, but will allow posts that go against the rules by their 'approved' accounts. what's up with that?
florida man arrested for attempting to "barbecue" child molesters. aka blessed florida man
naked florida man steals underwear from sex shop
meth smoking florida man attacks mattress in jealous rage
naked florida man spotted riding bike down busy street
florida man pries open a gator's mouth to get his trusty sidekick, the canine crusader or in other words, florida dog back.
florida man reports handgun stolen during orgy at his home.
florida man goes old school, gets arrested by fbi after robbing 2 banks
florida man is romantic, takes woman on first date to a police chase before crashing in a ditch, fleeing on foot
florida man accused of forcing legally blind friend to withdraw money at atm
florida man and florida woman stole a gun and a car, fled from police, smoked some meth and got arrested
florida man drives golf cart into walmart, tries to hit shoppers before hitting cash register, deputies say
florida man takes golf cart on wild ride into walmart store
florida man drives golf cart into walmart, tries to hit shoppers before hitting cash register, deputies say
florida man teacher said he s student s spirit husband, demonic energy came from bathroom
florida man arrested for naked bike ride during rush hour traffic
naked florida man bikes to a store called rockhard lovestuff. that was only the beginning.
florida man does it again...
florida man vs polish man
florida man allegedly peed into ice machine.
next week in the misadventures of florida man, florida man steals the convenience store! but that's not all, he identified himself as pitbull! catch the next episode on reddittoon!
florida man accused of posting threat involving ar-15: 'don't go to walmart'
florida man steals $33,000 in rare coins, uses them in change machines
florida man drives golf cart into walmart as deputies chase him with a taser
florida man caught driving from sunroof tells police he would rather go to jail than back to his wife
florida man all star mugshot gallery (bradenton edition)
florida man gets probation for sex with dog
florida man arrested for bagging spiny lobster
florida man pulls gun on delivery crew after furniture arrives late,  i've shot people for less'
florida man steals gun during  anonymous  masked orgy.
florida man sped, he followed too closely, ran a stop sign, sped some more, ran a light.. all while speeding; jim carrey unavailable for comment
florida man denied alcohol trashes store, attacks clerk
florida man flashes penis to woman saying "look at this"; gets caught on video, denies it, then gets arrested
florida man arrested after road rage incident, pulling out semi-automatic weapon on i-4
florida man insured his $8,000 rims and claimed they were stolen, gets insurance check and tries to sell the rims on the line
florida man found with bags of feces in his basement "in case of an apocalypse"
florida man and woman shoot their engagement photos in a publix supermarket
florida man asks to buy gun to kill people, cops say | miami herald
florida man walked into walmart and asked for a gun to  kill a large amount of people,' cops say
florida man reports handgun stolen during 20-person, masked sex party
florida man takes golf cart on wild ride in a walmart
florida man caught going 100 mph on the overseas highway. he told police he was 'in a hurry'.
florida man plays grand theft auto in a wal-mart with a golf cart, gets tazed by cops
florida man killed while illegally racing go-karts.
florida man denied alcohol trashes convenience store, attacks clerk
florida man threatens to quit nfl over new helmet
florida man" is a result of florida's unique "sunshine laws" that target and victimize the poor
florida man tries to launch kayak into santa rosa sound, drives into it instead
florida man pulls gun on delivery crew after furniture arrives late, tells them  i ve shot people for less 
florida woman gets wasted at wedding, steals grooms car, uses it to almost run over the best man, who she then proceeded to punch. then she exposed herself to deputies and assaulted two medics
florida man pulls gun on furniture delivery men because they were late, deputies say
florida man and his wife had their toilet destroyed when lightning struck septic tank
police hunting for florida man who used 'unknown tool' to steal truck from parking lot in miami
florida man has in-car camera to record people trying to burglarize his vehicle. police look at the footage and discover it captured video of florida man s own drug deal. doh!
florida wedding reception after allegedly getting drunk, nearly running over best man
florida man dressed as fred flinstone gets pulled over for speeding
florida man pulls gun on furniture guys, because they were late!
florida man hosts masked orgy, loses control of weapon
florida woman as maid of honor gets drunk on fireball, nearly runs over best man, gets arrested, and exposes herself to law enforcement.
florida man asks walmart salesperson for something "that would kill 200 people"
florida man throws feces at judge during trial
florida man trashes store, beats clerk who refused to sell him beer
florida man reports gun stolen during weekend orgy
florida man tries to 'barbecue' child touchers
florida man drove golf cart through walmart, hits shoppers, crashes into cash register
hot sauce saves florida man after man after car crashes into taco bell
florida man emails local news station to announce he plans to kill a hotel manager gets arrested
florida man was smoking weed to get himself ready for the return of jesus.
a naked florida man starts house fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill
florida man is a great copy cat
florida man looking for love is accused of sitting naked outside neighbor's apartment in davie
american psycho; florida man got fired from law firm, starts firm with same name, breaks into old firm to steal safe and a gun
florida woman bit man who broke into her home, yells  i m not your mama, get out of my house! 
we followed him': boise idaho, pawnshop stops florida man from selling $40,000 worth of stolen bicycles
florida man sets random florida man's car on fire for fun
florida man in training? 'florida boy calls 911 to order pizza, gets lesson and a pie'
florida man doesn't get straw; attacks mcdonald's employee
a nearly toothless florida woman says she bit a man who forced his way into her apartment. "with the little teeth i got, i bit him," she said.
attorney florida man disbarred for violating restraining order and stealing "law firm's ar-15"
florida man pulls gun on delivery crew...
one day after el paso shooting, florida man threatens to 'shoot up' walmart where his mother works
florida man pries open alligator's jaw to save his dog's life
florida man who mailed bombs to democrats, media gets 20 years in prison
florida man sells burning house as is!
a florida man is accused of threatening to "shoot up" a walmart store following two deadly shootings at walmart stores in texas and mississippi within the past week.
florida man didn't like that hotel manager made his girlfriend cry; emails hotel and news stations that the manager will die
florida man used toilet paper to start fires in the bathroom of a sports store, sticks around while police investigate; gets arrested
florida man accused of making false 911 call, says he got stabbed in back... he did not
florida man scam targeted retirement funds - taking over $1.2 million. gets 24 years in prison for scheme
florida man pries alligator s jaws open to rescue dog, gets bitten
florida man pries alligator's jaws open to rescue dog, gets bitten
florida man jumps into canal and pries open alligator's jaws after it tried to eat his pet dog
florida man allegedly urinates into ice machine at nightclub
florida man smokes marijuana because jesus is returning
florida man pees in a nightclub's ice machine
florida man allegedly urinates into ice machine at nightclub.
florida man mixed flavoring with bleach, fed it to 4-year-old girl, deputies say
florida man found a bag of abandoned kittens during a morning walk
florida man goes 'florida man' on late arriving furniture delivery crew
florida man who claims william shatner is his father convinces judge to let him legally change his name to peter shatner
florida man amasses 43-page rap sheet at 33 years old
florida man pulls gun on late arriving furniture delivery crew
2019 has been a crazy year for everyone, florida man has had the craziest so far!!!
florida man ties rope around waist to strangle himself. when ask why he didn't tie it around his neck, he said that he couldn't breathe.
florida man pries open alligator's mouth to save his dog
florida man arrested for trying to sell stolen bicycles to a boise pawnshop
florida man steals $40,000 worth of bikes from washington and tries to pawn them off in idaho.
florida man pulled gun on late-arriving furniture delivery team: authorities
beware gatorade-throwing florida man
florida man is this subreddit's new official band!
florida man punches female cop. he yelled,  dont make me punch her to get arrested 
florida man intrigued by recent mass shootings threatened to shoot up walmart.
florida man gets 7 years for arranging 80 fake marriages
my florida man birthday story
florida man uses nightclub ice machine as urinal
florida man arrested after crashing stolen car off dock into pensacola bay
florida man robs man, tells police victim offered to have sex with him for $20
florida man sped from police, called 911 to complain about officer who damaged his vehicle; gets arrested
a florida man was arrested after writing a gay slur on his waiter s receipt and, when confronted about it, ripping up the receipt and shoving it down a female manager s shirt.
florida man accused of threatening massacre at walmart day after el paso shooting
maga mail bomber florida man sentenced to 20 years in prison
florida man wasn't drinking while driving, only at stop signs
judge sentences florida man who sent pipe bombs to trump critics to 20 years
florida man faces obscenity charges for 'i eat a**' window sticker
bring marshmallows, florida man sells burnt house  as is 
florida man claimed to be surrounded by cats and alligators before being arrested for murder
florida man trashes kitchen, chokes woman after finding his daughter cooking mac and cheese
florida man writes anti-gay message on restaurant bill, forces it down female manager s shirt
florida man breaks into home, blames horse
florida man stabs man in heated argument over donuts
florida man, nicknamed murder, has the word murder tattooed on his neck, pleads guilty to murder.
florida man broke into a car and stole a gun, his momma recognized him on camera and turned him in
florida man attempted to rob dollar store manager, flees from k9 police dog, hides in pool, gets arrested
florida man takes dna test, realizes his brother in blue is his half brother from another mother
chaotic good florida man murders child molester
florida man tells neighbors he s going to kill them with kindness then tries to kill them with a machete he named  kindness 
florida man jumps into canal, pries open alligator s jaws to rescue his dog
florida gator has developed a taste for florida man!
florida man writes anti-gay note to restaurant server, shoves note down female manager's shirt
florida man pleads guilty to sex crimes involving huntington beach girl he met on social media
florida man targeted orthodox jewish community and scammed them out of over $3,000,000
florida real estate is so hot this florida man realtor listed a house that is literally on fire
florida man stole $1,000 sweater in july to "get his brother" something nice, gets arrested
florida man broke into a house, showered   then sat naked on the porch to wait, fla. cops say
florida man defeats florida man by a nose.
florida man defeats florida man in fight by a nose.
florida man writes anti-gay remark on restaurant bill, assaults woman, police say
florida man fired from mcdonald's after allegations of refusing to serve sunstar paramedics.
florida man targeted orthodox jews in $3 million ponzi scheme
florida man shows home in flames in listing
florida man fired for refusing to serve paramedics:  we don t serve your kind here 
florida man found behind grocery store freezer after missing for 10 years - oddee
they are fighting back now, but what if florida man is the same man
florida man threatens town with an army of turtles
florida man gets 10-years after knowingly exposing 3 women to hiv through sex
florida woman pleads guilty for assaulting florida man of congress.
florida man perv was arrested after taking video of woman changing at target, runs away when she screams
florida man "tattoo wizard" jesse paul ayotte wanted by police for series of bank robberies
florida man clerk distracted by scantily clad woman in gas station heist
florida man convicted of killing parents over webcam model
deputies solve mystery of florida man with crack in his butt
florida man named  murder  with that word tattooed on his neck arrested for...well, take a guess!
florida man dies after trying to microwave a microvame
florida man pulls gun on mcdonalds employee for not trying his vape.
florida man strips naked, masturbates in front of security guard shack
florida man shares name with mass-shooting suspect
florida man shares name with notorious criminal, changes it
florida man teen urinates on walmart shelf days after woman sullied another store s potatoes  
florida man shoots himself in the leg while holding a gun while driving
florida man woes: gators prefer the taste of locals over tourists
florida man arrested for calling 911 after his kitten was denied entry into a strip club
florida man pulls gun on woman for refusing to take a hit from his vape.
florida man board of education chair:  i won t support any evolution being taught as fact at all in any of our schools. 
florida man arrested after robbing bank; told police he found money on the side of the road
florida man accused of killing girlfriend who was impaled by spear during argument: "there are a lot of unanswered questions"
florida man masturbating in walmart parking lot grabbed officer's behind during arrest: 'let me just feel it'
florida man pulled over for traffic violation, arrested on dealing and possession charges
florida man goes on crime spree, uses stolen credit card, headbutts cashier, tries to carjack woman, gets taken down by k9
florida man sends videos of torched items to victim, gets charged with arson
alligators have a taste for florida man, according to science
drunken florida man shoots his dog, cries to officer
florida man keeps getting bitten by gators
former florida man deputy accused of falsifying drug arrests is being held on a $1 million bond
florida man arrested after slapping girlfriend with cheeseburger, deputies say
florida man finds more than 250 roaches inside bbq restaurant
florida man named "nikolas cruz" wants to legally change his name
florida man writes anti-gay remark on restaurant bill, assaults woman, police say | news break
florida man trashes kitchen, chokes woman after finding his daughter cooking mac and cheese
florida man trashes kitchen, chokes woman after finding his daughter cooking mac and cheese
florida man parks his tesla overnight on a stranger's lawn to steal electricity
florida police-man
florida man throws shit at judge at trial, gets acquitted.
florida man on horseback burglarizes home.
florida man tried to buy heroin for prostitute, beats his friend for not giving him money, gets arrested
sweaty florida man loves masturbating outside, telling cops they'll never stop him
florida man had a friend who won $2,500 on a scratch lottery ticket, tells him he'll cash it since he's an illegal; stabs him when he refuses
florida man got into argument with girlfriend over video game, chokes her and throws door at her, gets arrested
florida man gets 10 years for knowingly spreading hiv
the true florida man
florida man smashes window because they were out of cinnabons.
florida man spreads hiv on purpose...
florida man accused of threatening president trump
florida man arrested after shooting his dog
florida man tries to sell house and posts photo of it literally on fire.
florida man, king of bakugan
florida man allegedly slapped woman with a bowl of chili
florida man cop raped 14 yr old in back of police car
florida man sends out sos!
florida man allegedly slaps woman with a bowl of chili
florida man bitten at beach, marking sixth bite this year in the 'shark attack capital of the world'
florida surfer man bitten by shark, opts for trip to bar instead of hospital: report
florida man defends associating with an anti-semite by citing email from a credibly accused pedophile
florida man brings his getaway vehicle to a robbery, in that case, a horse.
the florida man that started it all: florida man has killed 900 alligators (1873)
florida man was sad wendy's didn't sell cinnamon buns, so he smashed a window in protest, gets arrested
florida man claims he was trying to catch kitten when he trashed house
florida man attacks another man with a machete, charged with aggravated battery
battle the infamous florida man in dungeons &amp; dragons
d-bag vape smoking florida man offered to share his vape pen with woman who didn t want it, so he pulled a gun on her
florida man (therapist) tells two time rape victim that she is sexy....
florida man, 68, saved from bacteria 'eating' his buttocks
florida man accused of racking up charges on employers' credit card
florida man says he tossed boy in ocean to teach him to swim, said he's "going to jail for being awesome."
florida woman uses linkin park lyrics to stop man from committing suicide
florida man,  grateful to be alive  after contracting flesh-eating bacteria on his buttocks
we learn how best to reattach florida man  s manhood in this week s florida men podcast
florida man gets arrested for robbing a home... on horseback
florida man arrested for burglarizing a home... on horseback?!
florida man accused of threatening trump during arrest at walmart:  we are coming for you 
florida (state trooper) man/ chief scumbag bags underage girl in gas station parking lot
florida man car salesman wanted an underage girl for cuddles, baths and sex. he ll get a cellmate.
pls help this florida man in signing this petition. or at least just check it out.
florida man blames break in on horse
florida man says "'l need trump cut. i want to cut, two portions"
yum yum florida man!
florida man forgets 11 month old twins in hot car during entire work shift
florida man on horseback arrested burglarizing house. "who takes a getaway horse to a robbery?"
florida man tried to pay for mcdonald's with a bag of weed.
florida man does what any florida man does after getting bit by a shark. he goes to the bar.
florida man wakes to random tesla model 3 plugged into his house
florida man cop unfortunately dodges a bullet on charges
florida man blames horse for breaking into home
florida man with horse accused of breaking into new port richey home
florida man accuses mcdonald's of biting his sandwich because he forgot he bit it earlier
florida man accuses mcdonald's employee of biting his sandwich because he forgot he bit it earlier
florida man attacked by shark goes to bar instead of hospital.
florida man joins with his fellow florida men and florida women to save five whales stranded on a beach
florida man flashes gun at woman uninterested in vape pen
florida man a long way from home, retains florida man spirit.
jerk-face florida man tesla owner parks on stranger s lawn, steals power for 12 hours
florida man dubbed the "diaper bandit" arrested after repeatedly trying to steal diapers from local stores
florida man arrested after 94-year-old mother found in fetal position with feces caked on skin
florida man "tight on money" cut power to local dunkin' donuts store before attempting to rob it
florida man and woman arrested for sex on beach that lasted over 30 minutes. grandma recorded for police  evidence 
florida man commits burglary on horseback
florida woman man handles husband's genetalia
florida man allegedly cut neighbor's penis off after accusing him of sleeping with his wife
it can't be friday without florida man
florida man trooper arrested for having sex with a 15 year-old.
florida man arrested for having sex with miniature horse on multiple occasions, deputies say.
florida man tried to pay for mcdonald's with bag of weed, police say
florida man nearly killed by lounge chair
who takes a getaway horse to a robbery?  florida man on horseback burglarizes home
man on horseback arrested after burglarizing home in florida
florida man tried to pay for mcdonald's with weed.
florida man tries to pay for mcdonald's with weed.
florida man tries to use marijuana to pay for mcdonald's meal.
florida man arrested after 94 year old mother found in fetal position with feces caked on her skin
florida man arrested for keeping alligator, gopher tortoises as pets in his bedroom
florida man steals horse, rides her to burglarize home in pasco county
florida man arrested after 94 year old mother found covered in feces
perverted hypnotherapist florida man used ritual magic and sexual therapy on a woman
florida man argued with wife of 37 years, got fed up so he threw a dog bone at her; gets arrested
florida man served two years for grand theft. now cops say he stole over $60,000 of boating equipment
florida man offers ufo abduction insurance for area 51 raid, but you need an alien signature and it pays $1 per year for 10 million years
florida man and woman at it again in chicago
florida man and community terrorized by turkeys
florida man removes alligator from miami-dade neighborhood
florida man who goes by the name  the rooster  commits burglary by horseback but loses horse and gets caught
florida man drumming up business, one lighter at a time
manatee shocks florida man when it comes ashore to munch on grass
florida man realizes he can't drive stick shift during carjacking
florida man won't stop flushing mopheads down the toilet.
florida man slaps pregnant woman for smoking
florida man wearing captain america merchandise removes clothes and masturbates in front of female guard
serial florida man diaper thief arrested after stealing diapers and possession of heroin
florida man passed out naked in stranger's home, gets poked with a stick to wake up, steal's child's boxers, hides in bushes from police and got arrested
florida man cops use taser on 15 year old after knocking him off bike for popping wheelie
florida man stands on sunroof while driving
florida man claims to be bishop of the moon
florida man leaves his tesla parked on a stranger's lawn and plugged into his house stealing power for 12 hours
florida man plugs his tesla into a stranger's house and leaves it there stealing power for 12 hours
florida man parks tesla on strangers lawn steals electricity to charge car for 12 hours
florida man sentenced to 45 days in jail for attacking nurse
florida man gets honored at baseball game
florida man slaps pregnant woman for smoking
floridians can better sniff out legit  florida man  stories
florida man stole a land rover, rammed into police vehicles, rear ends vehicle on the interstate and got arrested
florida man slaps pregnant woman for smoking a cigarette.
elderly florida man terrorized by wild turkeys - had to spend 3 months in the hospital
florida man among 8 injured in lightning strike at beach dies
damnit florida man
florida man strips nude and passes out in a residents garage. startled awake by home owner, florida man steals some dirty underwear and runs for cover.
florida man finds grenade in river, drives to taco bell
florida man saves owl from angry birds
wanted florida man gives cops his brother s name   but he was wanted, too
naked florida man attestes after sleeping in a strangers garage
naked florida man breaks into strangers' garage and takes a nap
florida man leaves his car parked on strangers lawn because it "went dead"
florida man gave police his brother s name to avoid being arrested on outstanding warrants; gets arrested after it's discovered his brother was also wanted on an outstanding warrant
florida man throws his kid in ocean to teach him to swim
florida man rants incoherently on live television (gaetz)
naked, dancing florida man arrested at mamaroneck gas station
naked florida man strips off clothes, masturbates near community guard house
florida man brings daughter too close to bison.
florida man, and many others, dress up like ernest hemingway for key west contest
school board and superintendent reverse decision to fire florida man principal for ill-informed holocaust comments.
florida man cuts off penis of wife's lover with scissors, police say
florida man accused of conspiring to violate iran embargo
florida man checks in 368 billion dollar to make a italian restaurant because he is 10% italian
florida man on vip scooter arrested for meth possession
florida man throws 5 year-old son into the atlantic ocean to teach him how to swim
florida man indicted on charges of trying to sell equipment to iran.
florida man argues with family member, hits the victim multiple times, flees from home, hides in dirt field, gets arrested
florida man hates his job at a hotel, so he set it on fire
florida woman flicks florida man on forehead as he sits on toilet, obviously requiring police assistance
florida man claims pet kitty download child porn, not him
florida man 5 guys arrested after fight at five guys burgers and fries in florida
florida man goes off on 'wet floor' sign after getting carded for six pack
a florida man exposed himself to a deputy at walmart   and cops say that was just the start
exploding vape pen kills florida man
google "florida man" + birthday to find your florida man spirit animal
florida man urinates on police car parked in gated lot
florida man texts landlord 'i killed him dude' after alleged murder
florida man wore werewolf mask as he tortured toddler with torch, shock collar, deputies say
florida man admits killing woman at her husband's request
florida man vandalized school with pickles
florida man bites brothers penis off
florida man sodomizes pink flamingo to death
florida man arrested after leaving stolen car in flames on i-4 east, orange deputies say
florida man accused of dancing in car with gun and pointing it at driver while stopped at red light says "gangsta music" inspired him to do it
florida man surrenders ar-15 and multiple loaded magazines to police after threatening to shoot up the steak n  shake he was fired from
florida man ties son up with zip ties on plywood
florida man claiming to bed  lord of satan  throws items and exposes himself.
florida man breaks into home, tied up wife s lover, cut off penis
wholesome florida man
florida man arrested for running naked through walmart parking lot
florida man attempts to rob dunkin doughnuts by turning off power, fails when he realizes safes do not run on electricity
florida man stole a car, attempted to evade police, sets car on fire, is arrested after k9 tracks him down
florida man] 'bachelorette' finalist has date in court
florida man struck by lightning, 7 others injured
florida-man: far from home
florida man throws 5 year old into ocean.
florida man + your birthday= funny headline
florida man takes a bath in wendy s kitchen sink
florida man + birthday= great headline
florida man arrested after leaving children home alone to visit strip club
florida man hit by lightning strike, injures seven others
florida man arrested after threatening a person with a hammer over a parking space at pilot
florida man encourages shooting at a storm
i cant believe i only just found this. its a florida man headline generator :)
florida man attacks and gets beat up by filipino congressman
screaming florida man on bike flees from deputies after riding in dark with no lights
florida man cuts off his wife s lover s penis. runs away with it:
florida man masturbating in walmart parking lot grabbed officer's behind during arrest: 'let me just feel it'
florida man drives through daytona golf course, gets stuck on railroad tracks
florida man tosses son into ocean to  teach him to swim  and proceeds to do backflips into the water, says he is  going to jail for being awesome. 
florida man arrested for drunk driving knocks out officer's tooth with handcuffs
women beat up disabled miami florida man at the licking
florida man arrested for dui says he wasn t drinking while driving, just at  stop signs 
florida man sells drugs to undercover cops, contained dangerous drug chemical that can kill thousands
florida man risks his life; rushes into neighbors home to save a grandma and fight a fire
florida man smokes meth, gets paranoid, argues with roommate and pulls a gun on his dog
florida man pretended to book business meeting, smoked meth and trashed hotel rooms instead
florida man wearing nothing but bra burglarized several cars
florida man throws 5-year-old son into atlantic ocean to teach him how to swim, says he s 'going to jail for being awesome'
naked florida man wearing bra burglarizes several cars in new port richey
florida man fined $48k for jamming cellphones while driving. probably one of the few people ever pulled over by the fcc.
he's not florida man. but he is florida man's african cousin!
florida man accused of threatening marathon mayor
is it okay to laugh at florida man?
manual transmission best defense against florida man
sheriff: florida man threatens mayor, claims to have highest fbi clearance
florida man climbs buildings like spider man to rob them
florida man sold deputies drugs laced with enough fentanyl to kill thousands
florida man makes threats with samurai sword after game console loses power
florida man draws samurai sword on father after playstation looses power
florida man steals 75 pool floats so he can have sex with them
florida man arrested for assault with ketchup
why florida man really isn t all that funny  written by florida man
come on white crackers, bring it,' florida man yells at police before throwing chair
florida man threatens to destroy town with army of turtles
florida man incarcerated for fleeing police after being found naked in a chicken coup, pleads non-guilty
florida man sentenced to 70 years for fondling 1-year-old, posting videos on dark web
florida man shot at van multiple times because it wouldn't let him change lanes
florida man exposes himself to woman at a clothing store
florida man cuts penis off and runs away from police with severed penis.
florida man attacks wife's lover and runs away from police with his severed penis.
florida man cuts off neighbour's penis for sleeping with his wife and runs off with his neighbour's penis.
florida man feeling awesome
florida man chills gator in a cooler
florida man caught pleasuring himself in walmart parking lot grabbed cop s buttocks during arrest, saying "let me just feel it." then he tried a karate chop.
florida man slaps smoking pregnant florida woman during argument.
florida man gets into fight with four other florida men at five guys, all get arrested, guess you can say five guys fought at five guys
florida man gets arrested for masturbating in public, then decided to feel the officers ass because he was still horny
japan man vs florida man... battle of titans
florida man broke into home of his wife's lover and cut off his penis with a pair of scissors
florida man strike again..with a ketchup bottle!
florida man tied up wife's lover, cut off penis
florida man takes his favorite album swimming
florida man trying to sell his $10 million mansion becomes so frustrated with potential buyer that he pays her $300,000 just to 'get out of my life.'
florida man is behind bars after striking pregnant woman in the abdomen over cigarettes, pdd states
florida man requested to get out of restricted water, spits in officers mouth...
florida man database with floridaman word cloud made by (ofc) a florida man newsfloridaman.com
half-naked florida man wearing a bra burglarized vehicles at florida business
florida man attempts to steal 26 cars from pasco jail parking lot, just after being released
florida man plays baby shark on loop to scare away homeless people
florida man killed by his pet exotic bird
florida man tied up wife's lover, cut off penis
florida man teaches son to swim
florida man who was supposed to load atms robs them instead, taking over $100,000
florida man drinks half a bottle of rum, makes a building a drive through, speeds away, gets caught, spits on police
not sure if it counts but he was in florida... man tries to smuggle drugs under toupee... (insert toupee puns here.)
florida man sees your chance the snapper, chicago. we raise you these 10 gator tales
deputies say florida man held wife s lover at gunpoint, cut off his penis &amp; took off with it
naked florida man discovered in dollar store bathroom with drugs
florida woman alerts police to naked, rotund florida man with lewd behavior on beach
this florida man spent $5 on a new scratch-off game. he came out winning big
florida man arrested after he drove through a police barricade and then crashed into the water. when he then got out of the submerged car and took off his clothes before surrendering to police.
florida man arrested after he drove through a police barricade and then crashed into the water. when the man got out of the submerged car, he took off his clothes before surrendering to the police.
florida man robber leaves trial while jury deliberates. he's guilty, and still missing.
florida man burgles in only a bra!
florida man accused of throwing 5-year-old son into atlantic ocean, telling him to swim
iso naked, car burgling florida man!
florida man arrested after he can't drive the stick shift car he carjacked
florida man was arrested after he attempted to drive away in a vehicle he had just carjacked, and then realized he was unable to drive stick shift.
florida man tied up wife s lover, cut off penis and fled with it.
florida man hits 42  water main and knocks out water to 100k+ people
florida man contractor breaks water main, cutting off water to 200k in ft lauderdale
florida man burglarizes car while naked wearing only a dark sports bra
what were the odds? 5 florida man arrested at five guys restaurant in florida
florida man arrested for drug possession while trying to catch pok mon
naked florida man wearing bra burglarizes several cars in parking lot
florida man throws child in the ocean to teach him to swim
is this the end of florida man? it seems he's outdone himself
florida man cuts off wife s lover s penis
florida man allegedly used scissors to cut off penis of wife's lover
florida man goes to strip club, and leaves 'severely autistic' child, and young girl home alone
florida man cuts wife's lover's penis off with scissors, and runs away with it!  
florida man headbutts deputy who ordered him out of the water
florida man uses scissors to cut off penis of wife's lover
florida man goes berserk when officers tell him to stop swimming, spits in cop's mouth
florida man ties up wife s lover and cuts off his penis.
florida man tied up wife's lover, cut off penis, deputies say
parent of the year award goes to florida man, who leaves young children home alone to go to strip club
florida man tries for new world record by drinking 33 beers in a single evening
florida man breaks into dead woman's home; steals over $85,000 worth of jewelry
florida man says he was arrested for being  awesome  after throwing son into atlantic ocean, and leaving him alone, to teach him how to swim
florida man takes just a little off the tip...
florida man who caught chicago alligator throws out first pitch at cubs game
florida man goes berserk when officers tell him to stop swimming, headbutts deputy and spits in his mouth.
florida man ties up wife s lover, cuts off penis with scissors.
do you want more florida man? this is how you get more florida man.
how florida man is created: "city hopes  baby shark  song will drive homeless from park"
tape shows part-time florida man and jeffrey epstein discussing women at 1992 mar-a-lago party
florida man tied up wife s lover, cut off his penis
florida man seeking revenge cuts off man's penis
florida man cuts of penis of man his wife cheated with.
florida man  tv show in the works
florida man attacks his wife s lover with scissors and flees with his penis
florida man turns on water in chicago, crowds pleased
florida man ties up wife s lover, cuts off his penis.
florida man says his 20-foot python ginormica could grow to world-record size
florida man allegedly cut off penis of wife s lover with scissors
florida man flown in to capture chicago's elusive alligator 'chance the snapper'
4-foot snake slithers out of toilet and bites florida man
florida man citys of wifes lovers penis with scissor
florida man pranks brings fireworks to bed!
florida man excites and delights with fireworks in bed!
who even does that...apparently florida man does
spear fatally impales woman during argument with florida man boyfriend in florida
deputies: florida man tied up wifes lover, and cut off penis
karate-chopping florida man masturbating outside walmart grabbed deputy's rear end, sheriff's office says
florida man wants to teach his 5-year-old how to swim   so he throws him in the ocean
florida man cyclist flees popo, faceplants and is tased for his troubles!
florida man fleeing cops on bike faceplants before getting tased
florida man masturbating outside walmart grabbed deputy's rear end, ecso says
florida man wants to teach his 5-year-old how to swim   so he throws him in the ocean
deranged florida man masturbating outside walmart grabbed deputy's rear end, reportedly saying "let me just feel it", ecso says
deranged florida man masturbating outside walmart grabbed deputy's ass, reportedly saying "let me just feel it", ecso says
florida man says he tossed son in ocean to teach him to swim
because florida man isn t sexist (first post btw)
florida man goes viral for so many different reasons ... solid article on our favorite superhero.
florida man just became messed up
florida man charged with exporting hundreds of ar-15 parts to argentina, authorities say
florida man goes to strip club, leaves 'severely autistic' child, young girl home alone
is it okay to laugh at florida man?
florida man. husband. doomsday prepper. slave owner. sexual abuser. and hopefully spending the rest of his life behind bars.
florida man arrested for going on  taser rampage  after pasco county car crash
florida man has his train heist for  the green stuff  foiled by a broken ankle... and  the green stuff  is lettuce.
florida man has a new steed!
florida man has a new steed! meth-gator!
florida man abandons naked wife at side of road, torches her car, slaps a witness
florida man confronted by panhandler who rejected offer for work
florida woman and her florida man partner defrauded customers at her bank out of nearly $50,000
florida man gets crabs   *noisestorm crab rave*
florida woman &amp; man abnadoned their 5 kids in a motel to go score some meth
florida man brought in to catch chance the snapper, humboldt park shut down as gator search continues
florida man lures men on dating app to rob them
florida man installs a spaceship on the roof of his strip club, is run out by the mob and is banished to sell used tires
florida man steals car with baby still inside, then drops baby off at nearby gas station
florida man used taser to fend off bystanders following crash, police say
florida man never fails to impress
spider-man is actually florida man on episode 73 of florida men: the official podcast of florida man
florida man abandons naked wife, torches her car, then slaps man in the face
florida man fired after choking black teen
florida woman posts  never let a man  put his hands on you   before fatally stabbing boyfriend, deputies say
florida man made 'furtive movements' in car to hide drugs in his buttocks before arrest
florida man saves chicago
florida man catches wife cheating, cuts off lover s penis with scissors.
florida man who caught chicago s humboldt park alligator will throw out cubs first pitch tonight
florida man breaks into lover's home, cuts his penis off with scissors to get revenge
non-florida man @loganhill33 reveals non-florida man behind now-retired @_floridaman
florida man tells the tale of becoming florida man
florida man finds wife cheating, cuts off man's penis and takes it home: police
florida man accused of murdering girlfriend with a spear
ax-wielding florida man follows women around convenience store, police
florida man seen attacking hotel owner over parking spot
florida man continues gardening naked despite neighbors pleas to stop
florida man molested boy after luring him into his pickup truck with the promise of cash in exchange of yardwork
florida man profiled in washington post magazine cover story
florida man, 75, fights alligator to rescue dog, reports say
florida man got lap dances in a spaceship for 50 years before realizing it was a super rare 'futuro home'
florida man loses temper after strippers invited his wife on stage
florida man analyzed by washington postman
ex-air force us (florida man)  mercenary  released by libyan militant captors after being held for six weeks
florida man brought in to catch chance the snapper, humboldt park shut down as gator search continues (chicago)
florida man] flushes down drugs down the toilet...therefor police end up warning about meth-gators
florida man caught hiding heroin, crack in his buttocks, deputies say
florida man hunting iguanas misses and shoots nearby pool boy instead.
florida man found success with  spaceship  strip club, until the mob muscled him out
jeff hardy is now a part being a florida man
jeff hardy is now a florida man
florida man, woman - 'doomsday prepper' couple charged with abusing 2 women on farm for years
florida man summons his inner chuck norris; roundhouse kicks alligator in the face to save his daughter s dog
florida man and florida woman accused of leaving baby home alone; 'strong odor of feces, ammonia' detected, officials say
doomsday prepers florida man (&amp; wife) aressted for sexual abuse, enslavement of 2 women.
florida man lures men on dating websites, robs them at gunpoint
florida man gets in fight after wife gets on stage at strip club in the keys, records show
a florida doomsday prepped man charged with sexual and physical abuse to two women
florida man deputies suspended for taping signs to inmates' backs.
a florida man needs bigger car to save lives!
florida man arrested after leaving kid alone in "urine-soaked" diaper while he went to strip club
not bad, kid  - florida man
florida man has crabs!
florida man gets invaded my crabs
florida man drops a dime on trump
florida man gets stabbed by girlfriend for not putting out.
a florida man was stopped for speeding, arrested for driving while suspended, and thrown in jail when police discovered thousands of dollars of drugs in his rectum
florida man sports waterproof wireless headphones
you can take the florida man out of florida but...
florida man finds bag of bones while clearing land, authorities now investigating
florida man arrested in peaks island, maine after racist incident. you can take the florida man out of florida but you can't take the florida out of said man.
florida man provides free healthcare and dental care
florida man - a documentary about the mythical florida man. a personal favorite.
64-year-old florida woman arrested for groping and grinding on a younger man outside a restaurant in a florida retirement community has cut a plea deal
75-year-old florida man kicks alligator, saves dog
florida man moderator erases my post after it had gotten more than 1,000 upvotes because all of the sudden he considered the title was not good enough.
florida man dies after stray dogs bite him more than 100 times
florida man saves puppy thrown out of car window
florida man who dressed up like madea arrested after stealing hundreds of cans of baby formula
breaking: florida man (mod) removes second post with an appropriate title on his subreddit because he is mad 2000+ people disagree with him
florida man steals dump truck then tries to hide in secure militray facility
a key west pelican gets justice on episode 72 of florida men, the official podcast of florida man
florida man admits to lighting firecrackers under a child's bed. he said it was a prank gone wrong
florida man fights off gator to save dog
florida man killed his family after stealing $200,000 to spend on a bulgarian webcam model, cops say. he's about to go on trial
florida man, church pays off $7.2 million in medical debt for 6,500 struggling central floridians
florida man cornholes u/diet_coke
drunk florida man urinates in front of villagers at gator's dockside
florida man busted in scheme to smuggle weapons to argentina
florida man hits pregnant girlfriend with bag of tortilla chips over babys paternity
security camera shows florida man falling from sky and landing on car
florida man saves dog from attacking alligator
florida man steals 75 pool floats to have sex with them,  instead of raping women 
florida man drives into seaworld parking lot, gets a little too much water for his liking
florida (wo)man arrested after letting children ride in an inflatable pool on top of a vehicle
florida man arrested on charges he planted drugs on drivers during routine traffic stops
florida man points gun at restaurant patrons after getting into an argument with them
a florida cop ( florida man ) planted meth on random drivers, police say. one lost custody of his daughter.
florida man vehicle attendant reported substance on car was "feces, also known as excrement, dung, ordure and manure."
florida man who fired shots on florida s turnpike claimed he was trying to stop hit-and-run driver, fhp says
florida man shot at van multiple times because it wouldn't let him change lanes
florida man shows deputy his ass then drinks beer
75-year-old florida man fights iff alligator to save golden retreiver
florida man driving home from liquor store becomes dui suspect, tells deputy: 'f*** you, i'm a lawyer'
florida (wo)man accused of peeing in business rival's ice cream machine
florida man breaks into church, cuts himself on glass, bleeds all over everything, trips alarm, gets held at gunpoint by pastor until cops arrive
florida man saves dog from surprise alligator attack
oklahoma man drives drunk with rattlesnake and uranium. your move, florida man.
oklahoma man drives stolen car with whiskey, a rattlesnake, and uranium. your move, florida man.
florida man bitten by venomous snake: 'my life just flashed through my head'
florida man proudly displays and offers marijuana to cops
florida man refuses to call holocaust factual
florida man hiding from police farts so loudly he give away his hiding spot.
florida man (and millions of floridans) need to scare away birds this time of year for agriculture purposes. [florida s bizarre fireworks law still in place]
florida man arrested after deputies find baby alligator in front seat of car
florida man, 26, posts sex tape of his ex-girlfriend online in revenge for 'neglecting his dogs' while he was away
florida man allegedly posted a sex tape on snapchat because he thought his sexual partner didn't watch his dogs
florida man arrested after deputies find heroin in his rectum
once again florida man fights the law, once again the law wins.
florida man kept rambling on to friends about dead palm trees. turns out, he'd spotted a new disease killing thousands of the florida's signature trees
just  him and epstein  and  28 girls : florida man drops a dime on trump
florida man former florida sheriff caught planting drugs has been arrested, after 119 people exonerated.
florida man hunting iguanas shoots pool boy
detective florida man
florida man free on bail tries to kill dad (for a second time) w/ 3 kitchen knives
florida man finds out he s about to be fired from city job, assaults his boss, gets behind wheel of city flat bed truck, speeds toward four women in front of city hall, sending them scrambling inside and says he wanted to plow into city manager s office
florida man, out on bail for trying to kill his father, tries to kill his father
florida man principal reassigned after denying holocaust was 'a factual, historical event'
florida man throws firecrackers under sleeping girl's bed
florida man removes shark tooth from leg, 25 years after being bitten
florida man breaks into wendy's cooks a burger before stealing safe, dubbed "hamburgler"
florida man wearing tuxedo and brandishing knife is shot dead by former boss
florida man jumps off car dealership roof and lands on top of car
a florida man killed by a pack of dogs
driving drunk is so mainstream. florida man blazes his own trail, drives (badly) with a rectum filled with heroin.
florida man tries to kill his father, while out on bail for trying to kill his father
florida man is fired for wanting to be "politically neutral" about whether or not the holocaust really happened. also, florida man is a high school principal.
mystery barefoot florida man slams onto car roof after falling from dealership roof
florida man named "alligator ron" captures 16-foot python and nearly 50 hatching eggs beneath home
florida man rages out after his gaming console loses power, threatens his dad and handyman with sword
florida man threatens to stab coworkers
florida man says his car is filled with poop, and he s not entirely wrong
after he was arrested, florida man hid heroin in his rectum, cops say. that s where it stayed.
florida man accused of growing marijuana in orange county hotel room
a florida man gets out of jail. he tries to  hot wire  an atv to go home, deputies say
florida man gets out of jail. he tries to  hot wire  an atv to go home, deputies say.
florida) man accused of stealing suv from vail hotel valet with a knife has 37-page criminal history
florida man posing as a seller on offerup is shot by off-duty florida cops who arranged to buy jet skis from him
crazy old florida man given a $30,000 fine... uncut grass.
cops tried to buy jet skis from offerup. the florida man turned out to be an armed robber
florida man throws lit firecrackers under girls bed.
florida man goes sightseeing in all the wrong places on episode 71 of the florida men podcast
florida man caught stealing and having sex with pool floats
florida man shows deputy his butt, then drinks a beer
florida man hunting iguana mosses target, hits pool boy
florida man hunting iguana misses target, shoots pool boy
florida man and his buddy caught with 3000 hits of lsd in gulf breeze. no word if they saw any ufos.
florida man arrested with drugs, baby gator, grave misunderstandings and about to shoot up krokodil
alligators in florida eat florida man. (twice)
florida man arrested after throwing firecrackers under girl's bed during a 'prank gone wrong,' deputies say
florida man arrested after stealing an old lady s clothes and car to run from the police
florida man attacks woman with condiment packets for bringing him wrong mcdonald's order.
florida man pulled over, arrested after officers find live alligator in his front seat
florida man gets busted for drugs because he was playing pokemon go at 2am
florida man found dead with 100 dog bites
florida man impersonating an officer arrested after pulling over deputy
florida man impersonates a cop and pulls over a deputy.
florida man pranks girl by throwing firecracker under her bed.
florida man found dead with more than 100 dog bites
florida man attempts armed robbery, victims turn out to be off duty deputies
florida man arrested for driving with a live alligator in passengers seat
florida man contracts leprosy from "significant armadillo exposure"
florida man bites off brother s penis for walking in on his brother having sex with their cousin on his favorite blanket.
florida man steals truck from wawa gas station with sleeping 7 year old boy inside
florida man says lighting firecrackers under child s bed is a  prank gone wrong 
florida man contracts flesh-eating bacteria without even touching water
florida man arrested after officers find illegal drugs and a live alligator in his front seat
naked florida man arrested in front of wacko's gentlemen's club in jacksonville, repeatedly claiming "i have to go to the bathroom".
florida man arrested after officers find live alligator in front seat during traffic stop
florida man, livin  in a tent in the back yard, runs into a house and attempts to "prank" child with firecrackers under her bed
florida man (principal) reassigned after saying he couldn't call holocaust 'a factual, historical event'
florida man admits to lighting firecrackers under a child s bed
florida man kills substitute teacher
a florida man is found dead with 100 dog bites after taking a shortcut to get home
florida man, 23, arrested after cop finds marijuana stash in his bob marley backpack
florida man found with more than 100 dog bites
florida man had baby alligator in front seat during traffic stop, police say
florida man arrested for impersonating a cop and pulling a real cop over
rest in peace florida man :(
florida man (boy) stabs brother, says jail is better than 8-hour drive in the car with his sibling
florida man faces child cruelty charge for throwing lit firecrackers under his 9-year-old daughter's bed
florida man takes shortcut home. dies after being bitten by dogs over 100 times
florida man dies after getting bitten by dogs 100 times on shortcut home
florida man just took it to a whole new level
florida man who allegedly fed alligator a dead body: 'he's a good boy. he loves bagels.'
florida man arrested while playing pokemon go at 2 a.m.
florida man found with live alligator during traffic stop, deputies say
florida man chucks concrete block at candy store 27 times to break in; is unsuccessful
florida woman was arrested after she beat a man, broke his cell phone and resisted an office who was arresting her
florida man arrested after installing spy cams in woman's home he met at divorcee support group
florida man was arrested after stealing an suv, pointing gun at his head and getting mad when the officer discovered his ounce of meth
florida man arrested for beating suv with windshield wipers he ripped off
florida man principal refused to call the holocaust a fact
florida man busts into ex s delivery room and fights new boyfriend while ex is giving birth
florida man took a shortcut to get home. he was found dead with over 100 dog bites
florida man contracts flesh-eating bacteria   without touching water where it's typically found
florida man from zephyrhills arrested after striking woman with sweet 'n sour sauce packets
florida man beat 3-year-old girl with brick because she wouldn't listen, police say
florida man impersonating deputy pulls over real one
florida man wins july 4 key lime pie-eating contest
florida man celebrates the start of iguana hunting season by shooting a pool worker with his pellet gun
florida man celebrates the start of iguana hunting season by grabbing his pellet gun and injuring a pool worker
florida man underwear thief donning layers of shorts and stolen shoes busted at walmart
florida woman charged with attacking man with griddle, ripping out part of his beard after discussing divorce
florida man that drove past me on the high way has this glorious bumper sticker (is this the right place to post this??)
florida alligators giving florida man a run for its money
florida man posing as fake cop pulls over real cop, gets arrested
florida man hired to hunt iguanas accidentally shoots pool worker
florida man indicted on murder charge in connection with teacher's killing
florida man tries to steal 26 cars from jail parking lot just after being released from jail
florida man wears f*ck the police shirt to court and wins case
florida man arrested for pretending to be a cop after pulling over real deputy.
florida man tried to steal cars from jail parking lot
florida man inmates save baby trapped in car.
florida man and woman homeowners urged to kill invasive green iguanas 'whenever possible'
florida man finds shark tooth in foot 25 years after attack
florida man, minutes after being released from prison, tries to break into car in jail parking lot, is returned to what is officially referred to as "the lol detention facility" (no, seriously)
florida man calls cops to report that he was witnessing south florida being invaded by a chinese ufo. bonus: he was right
florida man accused of putting semen in coworker s water and blaming it on his exhausting work schedule.
mmm mmm good; florida man guillermo arteaga was arrested after stealing truck full of canned soup value at $65,000
florida man left his 6-month-old pit bull called daisy in gas station dumpster, sheriff's office says
florida man on netflix?
unknown florida man steals train locomotive for 10-mile joyride, doesn't know how to release its brakes
florida man contracts flesh-eating bacteria without even touching water
florida woman pulled over for having man in dog cage in back of truck
florida man arrested for having sex with pit bull in yard as neighbors pleaded with him to stop: report
florida man learns mixing poisonous pufferfish and cocaine is a terrible idea
florida man being charged for smoking illegal marijuana and then grabbing an officer and then proceeding to drag him 100 yards with his car.
florida man and air force pilot accidentally bombs florida from the air
florida man with 40 previous arrests accidentally shot himself in the abdomen while disassembling a stolen gun.
florida man uses cocaine, eats pufferfish and gets poisoned because of the combination
florida man drops dummy bombs from an a-10 thunderbolt ii after it hits a florida bird.
florida man decides the best way to celebrate the apollo 11 moon landing anniversary is with ... duran duran.
florida man quits job to hang out in his garage talking about murder. now he's paid $6k a month to do it.
empty beer cans found in of florida man who caused fatal crash, police say
florida man catches record-breaking 69-pound catfish
florida man prisoners break into car to free trapped baby
florida man shoots pool worker after mistaking him for an iguana
florida man released from jail, breaks into 26 cars in jail parking lot!
florida man pretends he survived a mass shooting
florida man builds wagon on the back of his bicycle, crashes and hospitalized his toddlers
florida man punches atm for giving him too much cash
meth muncher, casino crook, concert crasher, and brazen biker: episode 69 of florida men the official podcast of florida man
north central florida man claimed to be lord of satan; exposed himself
florida man arrested following fight over straw at mcdonald s
florida man mixes pufferfish with cocaine
florida man arrested for allegedly breaking into wendy's to cook burger and steal safe
florida man arrested for pelting girlfriend with mcdonald's sweet and sour packets
florida man adds flesh eating ocean bacteria to the list of ways his state can kill him
florida man accidentally drops bombs on florida.
florida woman attacks florida man after she crashes into his car and leaves
florida man released from prison 2 weeks ago charged with dui and hit and run
florida man pulled over for not signalling charged with possession of bath salts and unlicensed firearm
love stinks; florida man arrested after sucker punching ex girlfriend's new boyfriend
real-life florida man hamburglar cooks himself dinner after breaking into a wendy s, deputies say
18-year-old florida man behind bars after attacking mom in grocery store over food items
florida man, 18, allegedly drugged, sexually assaulted girl, 15, posted naked video of her online: police
florida man beats children with usb cable for playing loudly, police say
florida man arrested for mcdonald's condiment attack after he pelts woman with sweet and sour sauce packets
florida man who stole audi from lido shores found naked guarding a chicken coop with an ax
florida man (a custodian at my school) commits sexual battery against a teen at my school         
florida man arrested for burglary after posting video of his crime on facebook.
florida man grills burger during wendy's robbery: police
florida man poops on stranger s driveway. drives over feces afterwards.
florida man dies a winner
florida man breaks into wendy s but stops to make himself dinner first
florida man reportedly breaks into restaurant, makes himself burger, steals safe
florida man nicknamed hamburglar is arrested after grilling patties and stealing a safe.
florida man vore
i think he was visiting florida man
florida man steals milk crate while riding a bmx bike.
florida man gets hungry during robbery.
florida man says invention could stop porch pirates from stealing your stuff.
florida man/woman among the worst in the country, study finds
florida man turns out to a high protein diet
only in polk county do you find a woman driving a f150 with a grown florida man locked in a dog cage in the back
florida man is re-arrested just minutes after his release
florida man: these *** are so glad with themselves
florida man shooting at amazon alexa sparks 'gun battle' with police: 'he was shooting at everybody'
florida man kills famous bush gardens flamingo and then gets hit by truck
florida man throws feces at judge during hearing
florida man eludes police after chase, gets caught hours later at a gas station
florida man steals pool floats for sex  instead of raping women 
honey ham on display in aisle 14; florida man arrested for exposing himself to female shopper at walmart
uhhh.... 3/4 headed florida man arrested for drug bust
florida man robs wendy's after grilling burger
florida man dubbed the 'hamburglar' robs wendy's after grilling burger
florida man accused of murdering own father requesting release from jail due to "mental incompetence" even though he is a currently licensed medical doctor.
florida man attacks his mom with spaghetti because  demons were in his head 
video: naked florida man steals $25k swan sculpture
florida man makes beer run with large gator in hand
florida man gets on playground and tell children where babies come from
on my birthday this florida man...
florida man crashes car in massachusetts, hides for a day
thanks, florida man, for helping the sunshine state be the most dangerous in the country
florida man or not florida man? guess which stories happened in florida
oh florida man.
florida man took cocaine and ate puffer fish liver, ended up in intensive care
florida man tries to barbecue child molesters
florida man charged with battery for punching handcuffed inmate at hospital
florida man has hand, foot in gator's stomach
florida man breaks into wendy s, steals safe and makes himself burgers
florida man throws poop on judge claiming that it is protein
florida man arrested after calling police to have his drugs tested
officer florida man tries to give toddler reckless driving ticket
florida man takes quran from boca raton mosque, rips out pages
florida man: the world's worst superhero
florida man accused of drugging, sexually assaulting teen, posting naked video of her
florida man sneaks onto miami debate stage with democratic candidates present
florida man fired for saving man's life
florida woman swings plunger at florida man who refused to flush the toilet after using it
florida man prevents his 18 month old son from drowning by jumping 4 foot fence. a little something to combat the typical fl man craziness.
florida man dies in a shootout with police. no officers injured. suspect dead.
florida man flings feces at judge forcing change of venue.
florida man dies in shootout with police. no officers injured. suspect dead.
florida man accused of causing the death of pinky, a beloved flamingo at busch gardens, by grabbing the bird and slamming it to the ground in front of his family, was hit by a truck and died two months before he was to go on trial
florida man who killed "pinky" the flamingo at busch gardens gets run over by a truck
florida (young) man runs mile while carrying blue line flag in honor of officer langsdorf
florida man parks in random driveway, strips and leaves poo
florida man who allegedly killed flamingo at busch gardens dies in car crash
florida man accused in flamingo's death fatally struck by truck
florida man made 3 billion illegal robocalls
florida man, florida woman sentenced for pocketing more than $5 million in illegal bingo scheme
good florida man.
florida man captured in kentucky following sexual battery warrant
florida man caught on camera 'pooping' in stranger's driveway
florida man invites you to enjoy yoga with tigers. what could possibly go wrong?
florida man gets drunk and decides to recreate dukes of hazzard car stunt. surprisingly, this does not end well.
florida man doesn't let being a burglar stop him from celebrating the time-honored tradition of "bring your daughter to work day"
florida man takes a dump in random dude's driveway.
florida man taking taxi from bar to strip club tried kissing driver's arm, bit her when she refused
florida man drops a duce on a random driveway!
video shows florida man poop in driveway of broward county home
florida man calling himself "dr. phillip nikao" pretended he was a doctor, accepted keto as payment for therapy
police - florida man makes  dukes of hazzard -style jump over canal
florida man beaten, carjacked after traveling to meet woman for date
florida man and florida woman arrested on monday after their toddler was discovered alone, wearing only a dirty diaper along a busy highway
florida man arrest for being naked in front of a walmart
florida man pooping on driveway caught on ring camera
florida man jumps massive canal in a nissan, clears landing but breaks his back.
florida man notorious for killing a flamingo at busch gardens will not face trial. he was run over while crossing a highway and died.
florida man poops in driveway of broward county home
a  portuguese  mercenary pilot shot down in libya was a 31yo former usaf mechanic from florida man
florida man caught performing disgusting act on florida homeowner's driveway
florida man has decided to become a mercenary in libya
florida man throws feces at judge during trial, misses
florida man detained by police for blocking road
florida man finds a refreshing way to beat the heat after a long afternoon commute
florida man arrested after allegedly pouring ketchup on sleeping girlfriend
florida man claims he killed, dismembered roommate because he was possibly  next mass killer'
florida man accused of playing basketball in the nude
florida man sports short shorts to teach daughter a lesson
florida man doesn't know how to eat spaghetti
florida man threatened his coworkers with a fillet knife then stripped naked and passed out.
florida man threatens co-workers with fillet knife before stripping naked, walking around the property and passing out
florida man holds passengers hostage in the gulf of mexico
poop throwing florida man gets acquitted
florida man (boy) video of south florida boy, los angeles angels baseball player goes viral
naked, dancing florida man arrested at new york gas station
florida man accused of biting taxi driver and trying to kiss her arm while being driven to strip club
florida man threatens to bring gun into walmart for refusing to let him return used, dirty air mattress
florida man arrested for running naked through walmart parking lot and harassing multiple women.
florida man dancing naked at mamaroneck gas station, arrested.
florida man claimed 3lbs of meth, police found, was not for human consumption but for  filtering pools .
florida woman stabs man, 'low-key wanted to hurt him'
florida woman stabs man, says she "low key wanted to hurt him".
florida man throws poop at judge on trial gets acquitted for yelling it s protein it s good for u
florida man pretending to be a deputy pulled over a real detective
florida man does a "dukes of hazzard" stunt into a canal.
florida man tried to get rich by bombing target stores
young florida man runs mile, flag in hand, to pay tribute to fallen heroes
florida man at his best
florida man dressed as spider-man
florida man masturbates in hotel window as he watches other guests.
florida man arrested for "selling poop" behind a children's daycare
news florida man says he killed dog because youtube videos made him paranoid
florida man want's judge to try some "high protein" feces so he threw it at him.
florida man tries to run over his wife. florida man goes to jail. wife feels unsafe. wife applies for injunction. husband won't surrender guns. wife brings husband's guns to authorities. wife arrested, charged w/grand theft firearm. welcome to florida.
duck love? florida man vayne myers goes to court to fight eviction over emotional support duck
florida man pours salt in walmart to 'get rid of evil spirits,' sheriff says
florida man tried to get back at his ex girlfriend by putting lysol in her pickle juice, bleaching her clothes.
florida man eats poop   in court, says it's protein and good for you
florida man throws sausages at mom because she wouldn't cook him a meal
florida man tosses turds as defense in court. judge flushes him to jail.
florida man tosses feces as defense motion in florida court. florida judge acquits him.
florida man presses charges on florida woman
florida man who dismembered father sentenced to 15 years in prison
florida man threatens co-workers with fillet knife, then strips naked, passes out
florida man tries to jump canal with his nissan versa, breaks his back
florida man or florida woman spray paints "alpine" on everything
wtf, florida man?
florida man scentenced to 15 years for dismemberimg father
spider florida man washes roof
florida man florida deputy arrested for trying to lure winter haven child for sex, officials say
florida man watches too much youtube
florida man arrested for drug possession while trying to catch pokemon
florida man flees buddha temple half naked
florida man attempts to poison ex-girlfriend with lysol in her pickle juice
isis shows it means business by recruiting florida man
florida man boat owner wanted to sail away on retirement. then came the lightning.
indian florida man gets 7 years for arranging 80 fake marriages
florida woman arrested for turning in florida man's firearms to police after florida man was arrested for trying to run over florida woman
who wears short shorts? florida man father does.
florida man spends $13 000 on a strip of grass
florida man claims to be charles manson's grandson, but refuses dna test requested by a pen pal of manson
florida man throws feces at judge during trial, misses
florida man upset at during his trial craps his pants and attempts to throw his feces at the judge
florida man upset at his trial craps his pants, attempts to throw feces at the judge
florida man blows $107 million from taxpayers golfing
florida man drags officer clinging to car after marijuana is found
florida man tries to escape the cops in llv mail truck, predictably fails
florida man was charged with domestic battery for allegedly punching a woman in the buttocks while they were drinking.
florida man has seen  avengers: endgame  a record 116 times and he s not slowing down
florida man loses his shorts while breaking into a car dealership
florida woman hooking up with florida man after night of bar hopping stumbles into and breaks plate-glass window
florida man accused of inappropriately touching women
florida man arrested for slapping reporter's hand at trump rally
ladies and gentlemen, i present the florida man theme song
florida man makes beer run with gator in hand.
florida man disputes deputies account of cocaine on nose belong to him
florida man welds money in atm in effort to thwart thieves!
florida man makes beer run, gator in hand
florida man shoots at deputy over feral cats
florida man feeling the squeeze
florida man accused if assaulting west virginia man with a hammer.
florida man accused of assaulting west virginia man with a hammer.
florida man hid meth in hot potato wedges, deputies say
florida man, 62, strips, performs "strange dance" at mcdonald's. then tries to impregnate a railing.
florida man takes a bath in kitchen sink at wendy s
florida man terrorizes shoppers flings urine on police
florida man masturbates in window of his motel room
florida man dressed up as 'spider-man' seen pressure washing roof during rainstorm
florida man gives visitor cigarettes, alcohol, gets smashed on head with hammer, police say
florida man pleasured himself in motel room window while watching other guests pass by, charges claim
alabama man attempts to claim honorary florida man status.
florida man cocaine dealer wears shirt with  coke  emblazoned on front so as to differentiate himself from florida man marijuana dealer.
florida man says he had sex with stolen pool toys instead of raping women
florida man takes police on wild goose chase while driving dukes of hazard dodge charger
florida man shot in head, complains of headache
florida man, captured in a battle against spirits in walmart.
florida man makes an emergency landing in the ocean near key west airport
florida man leads police on a wild goose chase while driving dukes of hazard dodge charger
florida man lost a prosthetic ear at the beach.
florida man sentenced to 10 years for robbing dylan's candy bar at gunpoint
florida man needs $$ for daughter's wedding
florida man jimmy smith is the worst boxer of all time
florida man brings 4-year-old girl along on burglary run
florida man and state representative responds to journalist s alleged assault at trump s orlando rally by tweeting  maga 
florida man arrested for drug possession while attempting to catch pokemon
florida man performs his unique artistic talents on stage!!!
florida man was a stowaway and illegally went to hawaii, said man was a snake
florida man wearing shirt that said  coke  arrested for selling crack cocaine
florida man stowaways on plane and makes it to hawaii, despite being banned from the state (banned due to him being a literal snake)
florida man had  no strings attached  sex with pool toys
florida man arrested after selling crack while wearing a t-shirt that had the word crack printed on it
florida man wearing a t-shirt that had "coke" printed on it arrested after being caught selling cocaine.
florida man claims he stole pool floats to use for sex instead of raping women | 7news.com.au
florida man, florida man, does whatever a florida man can   
florida man uses usps informed delivery for fraud
florida man gets struck by lightning | raging planet
florida man allegedly exposed himself after refusing to pay for chicken wing meal
florida man files lawsuit against his town because people keep pooping and having sex on the beach in front of his mansion
not only was the florida man screaming and punching cars in the publix parking lot, he was naked.
florida man arrested after killing father on father's day, police say
florida man high on drugs steals mail truck and leads police on wild chase
florida man arrested after dispensing meth to patients, dea says
florida man serial dollar store bandit
florida man asks cop to start a scooter he was trying to steal
florida man arrested after putting 70 year old roommate into a chokehold after a shower dispute
florida man punches woman in the face and bites her neck because "she played a joke on him", police say.
florida man beats uber driver with car antenna
florida man wearing fake lab coat denies pretending to be a doctor after being spotted at several hospitals
florida man shot after attacking deputies with a bar stool
florida man commits suicide after his service dog is killed by alligator
florida man cleans roof in spider-man costume
florida man refuses to pay for the chicken wings he just ate, then exposes himself, cops say
florida man who was once arrested for bringing a gun to school, violates parole by posing with ar-15.
florida man's rival emerges: alabama man fed meth to caged 'attack squirrel'
florida man says south florida villa he bought at government auction turned out to be a foot-wide piece of land
florida man killed by large flightless bird he owned - bbc news
florida man uses his pet alligator to announce the gender of his 10th child during reveal party.
florida man social media posts that threatened violence against african-americans, jews and homosexuals; encouraging people to start a race war, netted him a $1 million bond.
florida man steals 75 pool floats for sex
florida man says south florida villa he bought at government auction turned out to be a foot-wide piece of land
florida man who suspected girlfriend of cheating pours ketchup on her while she slept, gets arrested
florida cops arrest man who said he stole pool floats to use for sex
florida man accused of stealing more than 70 floating pool toys for sex.
florida man tried to hide his bag of meth in a box of "hot, fresh potato wedges"
florida man accused of refusing to pay for chicken wings, exposing genitals in restaurant
florida man shoots himself in the penis
florida man with cocaine on his nose tells deputies it is not his
kenneth haskins arrested: florida man allegedly set fire to tampa apartment building because management told him to stop masturbating
florida man accused of refusing to pay for chicken wings, exposing himself in restaurant
florida man (70) impregnates girl (13) and makes her believe it s a poop baby
florida man doctor prescribed meth.
florida man tells police he stole dozens of pool floats to use for sex
why did florida man steal pool floats? he told cops that the alternative was rape.
florida man asked cops for help starting motorcycle he'd stolen, police say
florida man floats his own boat
florida man capsizes while floating his own boat
florida man thought he snagged a villa for $9,100. he got a foot-wide strip of land.
florida man fired after kicking duck in palm beach county community
florida man arrested for beating up uber driver with antenna and bystander s cane
florida man arrested after punching an atm for  giving him too much money 
florida man steals pool floats for sex.
florida man accused of taking 4-year-old on burglary spree
florida man steals pool floats for sex 'instead of raping women,' police say
florida man uses pool floaties as his anti-rape
yesterday 633 florida man and woman divers set a world record for largest ocean floor clean up in deerfield beach fl
florida man discovers wearing a shirt that says "coke" is not the best method to promote his cocaine business
florida man threatens car burglar by pointing iphone at him, and it actually worked
florida man accused of filming video on covering security cameras for youtube, charged with trespassing, loitering and prowling
florida man performs a strange dance in mcdonalds before making love to a railing
florida man says he steals pool floats for sex instead of raping women
florida man arrested after finding 75 missing pool floats in an abandoned home, which he claims he used in place of raping women
florida man brings a 4 year old girl along as he broke into several homes. deputies decline to state the girl s relation to the man
florida man charged in killing of teacher
florida man steals 75 pool floats to have sex with them
florida man teaches students about rape the only way he can... by showing them a video of him raping someone
florida man puts landlord, 70, in headlock, scratches his face after being told he takes too many showers
florida man and florida woman use their pet alligator to help with florida baby s gender reveal.
florida man tries to apologize for cutting off another driver but they both wind up dead
florida man asks officer to help start the scooter police say he was trying to steal
florida man punches woman in face twice and bit her neck was angry about joke played on him
florida man watches avengers: endgame 114 times
florida man crashes stolen audi, threatens homeowner with ax, ends up naked in a chicken coop
florida man fakes fishing, tries to hook people's property instead, police are looking to catch him
sheriff: florida man tried to ram stolen dump truck through naval station gate
florida man banned for life on spirit airlines for reportedly vaping during flight
florida man gator with steak knife in head
florida man shoots hubs gf in her vagina with a gun he was using for fore play.
florida man shoots his gf in her vagina with a gun he was using for fore play.
florida man has seen  avengers: endgame  116 times (and counting)
florida man (woman): chick-fil-a franchisee charged with child molestation..."my pleasure!"
florida man places bee hotels in his county.
florida man brings 4-year-old girl with him to commit burglaries, deputies say
florida man watched endgame 110 times
florida man uses pet alligator's help for baby gender reveal
florida man leads cops on highway chase in hijacked usps truck
florida man hacks into school, announces  mandatory penis inspection 
entertained florida man
florida man watches avengers: endgame 110 times
florida man leads police on a wild chase to the keys. along the way, he swallowed 20 crack rocks
florida man takes 'florida man' off broadway
florida man uses gator for gender reveal video.
florida man arrested for covering sleeping girlfriend in ketchup
cops wanted to arrest florida man at home, but he wasn t there. so they called him
cop florida man tased by cop florida woman while taking down criminal florida man
cop florida man tased by cop florida woman while taking down criminal florida man riboberto castillo
florida man chad and his wife stacie use pet alligator at their gender reveal party
florida man salts feet in attempt to banish walmart demons
florida man asks police officer for screw driver to steal motorcycle
florida man accused of trying to hide his meth in a box of 'hot, fresh potato wedges'
florida man cop tasers himself
florida man shoots florida woman in the vagina while using gun during foreplay
florida man attacked landlord who accused him of taking too many showers: report
florida man tries to have sex w/ mcdonald's railing
florida man tells cop his name is  ben dover 
florida man survives 800 foot fall into crater lake caldera; and goes to work the next day!
florida man accidentally using taser on his partner
florida man / men police evidence technicians arrested for stealing evidence
florida man landlord told tenant he took too many showers then attacked him
florida man dances naked at a naples mcdonald s
not again florida man
florida man took cocaine and ate puffer fish liver, ended up in intensive care
florida man hides meth in container of fresh hot potato wedges
florida man tries to order burrito at bank drive-through, thinks it s taco bell
florida man detains another florida man during burglary by holding iphone like a gun.
florida man reported his guns stolen after he tried to trade one of them for sex
florida man worked on an email as kids run along a street covered in feces
naked florida man performs "strange dance" at mcdonald's before "trying to have relations with a railing"
300 lb florida man breaks into a car wearing only underwear, gets beaten by elderly florida woman with a baseball bat
florida man can't pay for his beer because all his millions are tied up in bitcoin
florida man tries to kiss cottonmouth snake, hospitalized after bitten on the mouth.
florida man uses alligator for gender reveal
florida man performs naked dance at mcdonalds and has relations with railing
florida (wo)man catherine allford was arrested with $100k in car after crashing into concert, hitting 2 people
florida man (woman) catherine allford was arrested with $100k in car after crashing into concert, hitting 2 people
florida man near bankruptcy after his bar offers free shots for each of 13 world cup goals
florida man tries to prove to cops that the cocaine around his nostrils doesn't belong to him
florida man uses his pet alligator for gender reveal party
florida man dies after winning roach eating contest
florida man says demons took over him before attacking pregnant girlfriend for playing xbox
florida man wearing 'coke' shirt busted for selling... coke (cocaine)
naked florida man performs dance before having relations with railing
florida man uses alligator in gender reveal party.
florida man swallows 20 rocks of crack, leads cops on chase from miami to upper keys
florida man (employee) taking a bath in wendy's
florida man takes on hurricane matthew
florida man arrested after dispute in taco bell drive thru
drunk florida man vapes into bag on spirit flight, gets banned for life, deputies say
florida man says he invented famous publix chicken tender sub. but did he?
florida man in custody after almost driving into, fighting 76-year-old man in u.s. postal service parking lot
florida man punched taco bell employee in ribs and shattered door after argument at the drive-thru: police
armless florida man stabs tourist with his feet
florida man banned from southwest for vaping inflight
deputies arrest naked florida man while he was dancing and trying to fornicate with a mcdonalds railing.
florida man tells police the cocaine under his nose isn t his.
florida man on meth pepersprays mailman, steals truck then flips it on the interstate after high speed chase. video.
florida man strikes again!
florida man records man s genitals in tampa movie theatre
florida man hid meth in container of 'hot, fresh potato wedges,' deputies say
florida man arrested for duii after driving in wrong direction near gp parkway
florida man banned for life after allegedly vaping on flight - cnn
deputies injured in shootout that started after florida man shot at wife's amazon alexa smart speaker
naked florida man arrested after urinating on convenience store doors
florida man rides his motorcycle in the rain, gets hit by lightning and dies
florida man high on meth, cocaine carjacked mail truck, tried to run down chasing deputies before crashing
why trump is a florida man
florida man crashes stolen mail truck while trying to flee police
florida man arrives home from work, finds alligator man waiting for him
florida man burger king worker caught on camera mopping tables
florida man hit by lightning while riding motorcycle, crashes, dies.
florida man with cocaine on nose tells deputies it's not his, officials say
florida man motorcyclist gets hit by lightning and dies in crash
florida man tells deputies cocaine on his nose is not his, officials say
florida: man riding motorcycle died after lightning strike shattered his helmet, causing crash
meet the florida man chronicling florida man for florida's largest newspaper
drunken florida man arrested for covering girlfriend with ketchup
florida man and woman arrested for allegedly distributing meth-laced stamps through jail s mail
florida man wouldn t flush toilet. that s when the police got involved
florida man with cocaine powder on his nose told deputies it didn't belong to him, they say
florida man claimed cocaine on his nose wasn't his, deputies say
a florida man said the  freaky  woman at the gym liked to watch. cops didn t agree.
florida man was found "burning down the house"
florida man gives his mother a hot &amp; flashy mother's day gift by burning down her house.
florida man notices shark was "acting funny" proceeds to rescue shark from attached pool ring.
florida man motorcyclist struck by lightning straight through the helmet died.
florida man fired from wendy's after found bathing in sink.
florida man said cocaine on his nose wasn't his
florida man spends 44 days in jail for refusing to unlock his iphones
florida man shots florida woman between her legs while using a pistol as foreplay while on meth.
florida man cleans efficiently
florida man loses thumb to jaguar s  guillotine  door feature
florida man fired after filming himself farting at work for 6 months.
florida man charged with stealing woman's driveway
florida man ready to file a lawsuit for a stiker the said "i eat ass"
florida man caught on video eating dog poop
florida man injured in crash after carjacking mail truck, authorities say
florida man charged with stabbing a woman with a fork over underdone potato
r/floridaman hits half a million subscribers!
nude florida man accused of flinging his urine at cops
florida man mops tables while working at burger king
florida man convicted of trying to kill bail bond agents
florida man vaping sets off smoke alarm on spirit airlines flight to new orleans
police: florida man wrecks stolen car, found naked in chicken coop in new york
florida man convicted of trying to kill bail bond agents
florida man shoots alex speaker before wounding 2 deputies
florida man shoots alex speaker before shooting 2 deputies
florida man killed after being stuck by lightning while riding motorcycle on i-95, fhp says
florida man gives the bird and shouts at people in a restaurant, tells cops to go to dunkin donuts while being arrested
florida man calls 911 seventeen times to say he's lonely
florida man accused of sneaking into yards, stealing patio furniture for 6 months. he says he  deserves nice things .
florida man steals car, twice found naked in chicken coops, kills dog, chases man with ax, troopers say
naked florida man who crashed stolen car then evaded chasing police found in chicken coop after killing family dog
naked florida man accused of attempting to "sling urine"
florida (wo)man assaulting bk employees.
naked florida man accused of attempting to 'sling urine' at officers outside gas station
florida man brought home georgia teen as sex slave, feds say
florida man and his wife spend honeymoon in jail after breaking into a school with other marines.
florida man tried to pay for mcdonald's with bag of weed, police say
cops were called after florida man shot wife s alexa. an  absolute gun battle  ensued
florida woman stabs herself because she is tired of living in a country ruled by orange man
deputies: florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing traffic stop
florida man fleas police
florida man arrested after covering sleeping girlfriend in ketchup.
florida man calls 912 to brag about fleeing traffic stop.
florida man accused of slashing 15 tires after drinking binge
florida man accused of slashing tires after drinking binge
florida man steals car, kills dog, chases man with ax, found naked in chicken coop: police
naked florida man who crashed stolen car then evaded chasing police found in chicken coop after killing family dog: cops
florida man found naked in a chicken coop in new york
if you were ever feeling bad today, remember that 6 years ago, a florida man did this
florida man stung 100 times by bees trying to save dog(dog dies)(mans is expected to live)
81-year-old florida man uses gun to settle parking dispute. he drives off, firing gun at random, and then later opens fire on police.
florida man has more than $500k in jewelry stolen from his house by his girlfriends
florida man arrested for covering sleeping girlfriend in ketchup: 'that's what you get, b***h'
wanted florida man is found naked in kirkwood chicken coop
florida man pours salt in walmart to get rid of evil spirits
florida man : the mvp of u.s. lightning strike deaths from 2007-2017
florida man arrested after troopers find 115 pounds of marijuana in trunk during traffic stop
florida man built a wine cellar ... in his pants
florida man found naked in ny chicken coop after manhunt
damnit florida man! who let you outta the state?
florida man behind bars after crime spree that ends being found naked in a chicken coop in new york
florida man goes on a crime spree, found naked in a chicken coop in new york
florida man jailed for battery after pouring ketchup on girlfriend
florida man arrested after putting signs in front of people s houses promoting his son s tic toc account
florida man uses a blow torch to open an atm... instead he accidentally welds it shut
florida man lives in shed, grows own toilet paper leaves
florida man charged with pouring ketchup on girlfriend
florida man describes 'shocking' alligator attack on 5-year-old granddaughter in lake
florida man does a good deed! hiker saves dog trapped in cave and reunited it with owners
florida man fired from job at wendy's for taking a bath in the sink
florida man charged with pouring ketchup on girlfriend
florida man in the drive through.
florida man leads police chase while driving general lee replica
florida man and charter boat captain arrested, accused of getting drunk, firing handgun and refusing to return passengers to shore
florida man attempts to carjack 4 different cars, gets shot and killed. had 10 prior drug-related felony arrests.
florida man breaks into a burger king and drinks gallons of deep frying oil
florida man charged with manslaughter for shooting woman during foreplay with gun, police say
florida man high on cocaine holds charter boat passengers captive for 12 hours
florida man accused of planting explosive at veterans hospital, making other devices in his home
florida man takes blowtorch to atm, welds it shut instead
florida man boat captain arrested for allegedly threatening, holding passengers hostage during fishing trip
florida man accused of stealing jeep from stock island home
florida man caught on camera stealing large package from southwest miami-dade home
florida man shoots deputy in dispute over cats. cop kills suspect
florida man saves a dog.
florida man arrested for putting ied at pinellas county va.
florida man slathers sleeping girlfriend in ketchup because he musta erd she was sleeping around
florida man doing it wrong
florida man steals an atm and tries to open it with a blowtorch, welds it shut instead.
florida man used remote control device to cover license plate, avoid paying tolls
florida man attempts to flee cops through parking lot of hotel hosting law enforcement convention
florida woman finds strange florida man in her home dressed in her clothes, he flees in her car and is later found slumped over the steering wheel in a walmart parking lot
florida woman finds strange florida man in her home, dressed in her clothes. he flees in her car and is later found slumped over the steering wheel in a walmart parking lot
florida man evades police, yields ax, and naked with chickens.
troopers: florida man crashes stolen audi, threatens homeowner with ax, ends up naked in a new york chicken coop
florida man fled police, found naked in new york historian's chicken coop
florida man arrested after being caught on camera intentionally running over dog
florida man wielded shot the atm machine isntead of cutting through to get to money
florida man fatally shoots woman during foreplay-
florida woman makes a florida man out of her new husband and they lived happily ever after.
florida man shot in buttocks over restaurant bill
florida man plays drinking game in which the rules involve the loser getting stabbed
naked florida woman yelled 'jehovah' before slashing and stabbing man with a hooked knife
florida man tries to steal from atm using blow torch, welds it together instead
florida man calls 911 to brag about fleeing traffic stop, asking "what do we pay you guys for?"
florida man prepares for c-47 jump during normandy reenactment
naked florida woman yelled "jehovah" before slashing and stabbing man with a hooked knife
who is florida man?
florida man dies in meth lab explosion after lighting farts on fire.
florida man arrested for domestic ketchup battery
florida man accused of raping woman, stealing her jewelry at davie home
florida man arrested after getting caught masturbating while creeping on a woman at a gym.
florida man arrested after baking cookies on his foreman grill and setting his house on fire
guacamole-loving gator crashes florida man and florida woman's lakeside date
florida man swerves at, intentionally ran over dog.
florida man says woman at gym 'liked it' when he masturbated
florida man awarded $5.5 million over halloween stripper party shooting; claims poor security
florida man accused of attacking 2 people with sword in alabaster (alabama)
florida man drives 5 hours to attack 2 women with a sword
florida man arrested for covering sleeping girlfriend in ketchup
florida man accidentally released from jail
florida man charged in fatal hit-and-run...of dog
florida man tried to blackmail a chevrolet dealership, owned by a former mayor of daytona beach, after he found boxes full of its old customer sales records
florida police and elderly man exchange gunfire over parking space
florida man and police exchange gunfire over parking space
after 36 years as a educator/role model, florida man gets into deadly chase and shoot out with miami pd
after stepping down from the school board, florida man shoots at police in chase
florida man shoots and kills girlfriend during foreplay gone wrong, deputies say
florida man accused of intentionally running over, killing dog
nothing to see here...just florida man combatting the forces of darkness at walmart
florida man in congress hit with milkshake
florida man crashes a couple s picnic and ate all their food while they were helpless to watch.
qu bec woman fakes being a nurse for 20 years. not florida man, but has the same spirit
florida man not allowed into to soccer game because of anti trump hat
technically not florida man but florida man esque nonetheless
florida man aka "knifeman" arrested outside of immokalee dollar mart
florida man breaks into elderly woman s home, wears her clothes
florida man beat girl with leather belt, pulled acrylic nails off during confrontation
florida man accidentally shoots woman during foreplay
florida man wants beer
florida man stole $200,000 from family to give to girl on porn site, kills parents and brother for licking him out of his house.
florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing traffic stop. 'like what do we pay you guys for?'
florida man governor holds illegal meeting in israel (with entire cabinet of florida men) to sign bill into law
florida man says he broke into homes because alligators chased him
florida man tried to break into home holding a hatchet, wearing only his underwear
florida man convicted in $1.3b medicare and medicaid fraud scheme
a new adventure for florida man
florida man and woman seperated
florida man who impersonated a saudi prince to live a lavish lifestyle sentenced to 18 years in prison
florida man, and republican lawmaker, jokes about "putting all the gays to death"
florida man gets wake-up call after finding 6 foot 5-inch gator on his doorstep
florida man tries to cure flu by slowing whole garlic clove, ends up at a&amp;e.
florida man governor signs ban on child-like sex dolls
florida man fatally shoots woman during romantic interlude gone wrong, deputies say
florida man(?) sues five year old girl, claiming $110,000 in damages due to crayon use on walls
florida man wouldn t flush toilet. that s when police got involved.
florida man arrested for beating mom with corn cob
florida man arrested for hitting mom on head with corn cob
florida man broke into terrified 77-year-old woman's home, put on her clothing and asked for a drink
florida man wakes up to a surprise visitor - 11 foot gator
the trouble with 'florida man' by citations needed podcast. a discussion of the homelessness, horrible mental health services availability, and socioeconomic conditions in florida that are at the root of the florida man trope.
florida man breaks into home claiming he was getting away from alligators, deputies say
florida man caught on camera hitting a security guard in legs with lexus
florida man accidentally shoots, kills woman during foreplay, deputies say
deputies: florida man accidentally shoots, kills woman during foreplay
florida man accused of burning 9 year old's hand on stove to 'teach her a lesson'
florida man obsessed with bulgarian camgirl before allegedly killing his family, records show
dammit florida man,not again!
florida man seeks to return lost decades-old diploma
florida man getting frisky
florida man wakes to unwanted roommate
florida man killed after confronting; attacking wife over her alleged fortnite addiction.
florida man shot and killed after confronting; attacking wife about "online gaming addition".
florida woah man !?
florida man white house security was tricked into letting a wisonsin college student into mar-a-lago while president was visiting
florida man charged after 12 guns seized at saskatchewan border
florida man (and woman) leave pig in hot car
florida man could lose his home for having long grass
florida man: the meme explained
florida man gets bitten by snake
florida man has fast hyundai elantra
florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing traffic stop: 'like what do we pay you guys for?'
florida man tries to hide legless girlfriend in tote from police
florida man arrested for impersonating a firefighter.
florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing deputy
podcast] citations needed - the trouble with 'florida man'
florida man goes from neo-nazi to muslim, proceeds to kill roommates for blasphemy (from 2017)
florida man wins 10k for catching lionfish.
florida man arrested after fleeing a traffic stop and calling the police to brag about it
polite florida man apologizes before running over an officer
florida man teacher allegedly writes  wtf is this?  on student s homework
florida man calls 911 to brag about fleeing from cops
florida man the game
on a quest for the perfect cookie, florida man gets naked and becomes a lean mean house-burning machine.
florida man from california on motorized tricycle caught stealing from vehicles in winn-dixie parking lot
florida man builds fence through pool
florida man 'wtf:' florida teacher investigated for using slang phrase
florida man, woman charged accused of leaving a small pig left in a hot car
florida man tells cops he broke into a house because he was being chased by alligators
florida man threatens to conquer planet earth with his army of turtles.
florida man + charles cornell = magic
snake slithers out of toilet, bites florida man on arm
florida man refuses to flush the toilet, prompting police response
florida man arrested for hitting mom in head with corn cob
florida man , 70, charged after impregnating girl, 13, who thought she was constipated
florida man takes a joyride and florida woman stashes pills in this week s florida men podcast
florida man arrested for crashing strangers wedding. bride thought it was hilarious
florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing traffic stop: "like what do we pay you guys for?"
florida man plotted sept. 11 attack on kansas city, mo., fbi says
snakes slithers out of toilet, bites florida man
florida man uses gofundme to raise $23 million for a half mile segment of wall near us-mexico border
florida man fined $500 for telling cops his name was "ben dover"
florida man finds largest known prime number in 4 tries
florida man threatens pizza delivery driver with one gun, then two guns (telling the driver that he had even more guns). florida man explained his behavior by claiming a restaurant worker threatened to deliver a pizza up forida man's butt.
snake slithers out of toilet, bites florida man
florida man accused of stabbing woman over underdone potato
what did i do wrong : florida man after 140 mph chase, crash
florida man takes a bath in the kitchen sink at wendy s
wholesome florida man searching for the owner of necklace filled with ashes that was found on the beach
florida man finds snake slithering in his toilet
florida man arrested for hitting mom with corn cob
florida (wo)man strikes again
florida man slaps florida woman with cheeseburger
not florida man, but might as well be
florida man whose pit bulls attacked an elderly neighbor said the dogs "get along great with people"
florida man accused of throwing corn on the cob at his mom during memorial day weekend
florida man is the menace of the trailer park
florida man runs over an officer at a traffic stop. at least he was polite about it.
a florida man was charged after making over 50 calls to 911 about the same fake incidents
florida man caught after 140mph chase, days cops are terrorists and asks what he did wrong?
florida man bitten by python lurking in the toilet
florida man slapped by dennis rodman at a rooftop bar in delray beach.
florida man threatens to destroy everyone with army of turtles
florida man back at it again
florida man' uses alligator to shotgun a beer while cranking skynyrd
drunken florida man leads cops on 140-mph chase then calls them terrorists. after hitting another vehicle at speed, the man reportedly asked, "what did i do wrong?"
florida man can no longer get child sex dolls
florida man, covered in chocolate syrup, arrested for battery and criminal mischief after a "special" birthday party.
florida man has card declined, threatens to cut publix employee's throat and watch him bleed
florida man... how could you there are children in that room!
florida man kills mom's friend for pursuing his imaginary girlfriend.
florida man  group won $10,000 catching venomous lionfish. caught 2,241 in 48hrs.
florida man trades kidnapped baby for 15 big macs
florida man apologizes to cop before fleeing
florida man runs a red light and crashes into sheriff.
florida man- the musical!
comic) florida man vs religious solicitors
trying to one up florida man
florida man, a lawmaker, says god ordered him to file a bill
florida man: what did i do wrong?
florida man makes wendy's secret sauce
florida man uses alligator to help him shotgun a budlight
florida man, 21, 'recorded himself dressed in a black and white dog costume having sex with his pet husky before posting the videos online'
condoms and child-size pink dress brought to federal agent by catfished florida man, allegedly
florida man ideas
140 florida man high school students won't walk at graduation because they vandalized their school
florida man arrested for slapping girlfriend with cheeseburger and kicking her down the stairs
florida man takes bath in wendy's kitchen sink
florida man under investigation after posting video of a raccoon falling from boat.
florida man uses alligator to shotgun a beer while cranking skynyrd
florida man back at it again bathing in a wendy's.
florida man burglarizes home for beer and wine, leaves valuables
florida man, wendy's employee, takes bubble bath in bathroom sink.
florida man two school district bus drivers caught engaging in sexual acts while on the job
florida man arrested by border patrol deported after molesting child in boynton beach
florida man just go beat.
florida man arrested for stealing $750,000 from r.i. atms
fake or florida man news
florida man arrested for stealing monster energy drinks and punching holes in drywall at a home depot
florida man tries to sell his baby at pawn shop
florida man accused of torching love rival's harley davidson: 'both gentlemen had affections for the same woman'
florida man pulls over a real undercover officer in florida
florida man impersonating a cop accidentally pulled over a real undercover detective
florida man takes a bath in the sink at wendy's
florida man crashed wedding, eats, dances, and then gets arrested
florida man is a real-life wedding crasher busted at st. pete beach hotel
florida man sentenced in wife's cold case murder after son discovers her body buried in backyard 23 years later
florida man working at wendy's in milton takes bath in kitchen sink
florida man vandalizes the wrigley field budweiser sign
florida man has a nice car
florida man tired of atvs riding past home, attacks rider with baseball bat
bitcoin pizza day: 9 years ago today, a florida man used bitcoin to buy 2 pizzas, the first time in history that someone used bitcoin to buy a consumer product
florida man arrested after crashing strangers' wedding: 'bride thought it was hilarious'
florida man, mount sinai employee arrested &amp; charged with sexual battery
florida man spent 25 years taking photos of naked people in public places for 'high art'
prom party stocked with booze, weed, jello shots and stripper poles, florida man ruins greatest party hours before it began
florida man bathes in wendy's kitchen sink
florida man loaned trump $25million, appointed to board of directors of the atlanta federal reserve
house filled with stripper poles, blunts and jello shots for teen prom party hosted by florida man
florida man comes clean
florida man arrested after posting facebook live video of break-in, pensacola police department says
florida man] dairy queen manager beaten after throwing a pot of hot grease at an employee, police say
florida man takes bath in a wendy s sink
thomas cope,  raccoon shooer  florida man: 5 fast facts
florida man takes a bath in a sink at wendy s
floridaman shot by wifes purse at publucs checkout.
florida man takes bath in kitchen sink at wendy s
florida man threatens to destroy mankind with turtle army
florida man spanks laughing 17-year-old with a belt, then tases him, deputies say
florida man doesn t pull over his pickup truck for cops because he s receiving sexual favors from florida woman in passenger seat.
florida man arrested for crashing wedding on st. pete beach during bride and groom's first dance
florida man dares wife to call the police
florida man with concealed gun in his waistband shot himself when he took it out
shirtless florida man steals highway patrol cruiser, leads wild chase
florida man steals car, says he was merely borrowing it  from a crack head 
florida man (teen) arrested for writing postcard to santa threatening school shooting
florida man takes a bubble bath in wendy s kitchen sink.
florida man says passenger performed sex acts while he drove
florida man lyft rider faces steep fee following alleged 'vomit fraud'
florida man and wife interviewed by reporter while holding 3 pet skunks.
dangerous florida man
florida man: what lies behind the sunshine state's crazy stereotype?
florida man' on jeopardy: can you answer these questions?
florida man arrested for playing basketball naked outside to  enhance his skill level 
florida man opens hot dog stand
florida man pays 700 dollars for massage
a florida man was arrested after attempting to transport heroin using a tow truck
florida man threatens to eat cops
half-naked florida man in a stolen squad car leads cops on nearly 150 mph chase
florida man wants to open up hotdog stand call big black cook that offers twelve inch wieners
florida man arrested outside olive garden after eating pasta belligerently
florida man bought erotic massage with $700 from daughter s girl scout cookie sales
florida man calls the police on a comic because he didn t like a joke.
florida man arrested and charged for aggravated animal abuse of deputy chance
florida man claims sainthood, threatens police with army of turtles
what would you all like to see in a florida man movie? and why florida?
florida man removes gator from airport runway.
florida man again leaves inert hand grenade at a florida goodwill store, prompting police evacuation
a florida man was caught with 48 pounds of marijuana in baldwin county
154 florida man and woman arrested in undercover sex sting called "operation no spring fling"
florida man attacked by squirrel while taking a selfie!
florida man threatened to behead officers and eat their eyes after parking lot argument
florida man goes all the way to nova scotia to yell at emera
florida man chats with atm, rushes deputy during gas station visit
drunk florida man kicked out of library told cops he was jason bourne
temporary florida man finds live alligator riding gator raft in swimming pool
dramatic video shows florida man hop into patrol car before high-speed chase
florida man police caught using mug shots of black men for target practice | msnbc
florida man threatened to behead officers and eat their eyes after parking lot argument
florida man allegedly tried to hire hitman in bryan, ohio
florida man stands through sunroof while driving on interstate.
florida man stand through sunroof while driving
florida man arrested for pelting his mother with sausages
florida man runs from deputies in general lee replica
florida man charged with attempting to hire someone in bryan, ohio to kill a social worker that had his children removed from his care for $1k.
73-year-old florida man attempts to rob 80-year-old florida man. 80-year-old florida man shoots 73-year-old florida man in self-defense.
national florida man accused of masturbating in front of children says he was adjusting hernia
florida man accused of exposing genitals to women while riding walmart scooter
florida man has been arrested as he live streamed his crimes inside a walgreens, including hitting a newborn in the head with a box.
a florida man was arrested at airport for packing heat in his fanny pack
florida man raises $22 million for trumps border wall, spends the money for himself instead.
florida man shoots other florida man while driving on notorious florida highway
florida man arrested for slapping girlfriend with a cheeseburger
florida man vs. florida man: he wants to trademark "florida man" before someone else does.
florida man runs from cops in general lee dodge charger after setting fire to his wife's home
florida man uses automated house technology to cyberstalk his ex in her own home
florida man is buried next to his family. years later it is realized that an unrelated florida woman had already bought his plot. florida man is exhumed and buried elsewhere.
shirtless florida man steals the police cruiser of fhp officer who was assisting him on side of turnpike. speed reaches 149 mph during subsequent chase.
florida man attacks girlfriend with an unlikely weapon   his dinner
florida man steals a car, realizes there's a baby in it, and drops the baby off safely at a gas station
florida man sheriff directs deputies to arrest pregnant florida woman corrections officer (his ex-mistress) who he claims is stalking him
r/florida man
why we should all stop laughing at florida man.
florida man restaurant employee called police thinking there was a bomb. bomb was a low battery beeping thermometer.
florida man on the lam, found in dishwasher
charges dropped against florida man, because the first amendment protects his "i eat ass" bumper sticker
rough day for alleged violent naked pooping masturbating florida man
florida man who stole $7,000 worth of props and costumes from haunted mansion ride, posted pictures of the stolen items on a twitter called "backdoor disney".
florida man assaults girlfriend with hamburger which has cheese
florida man arrested after slapping girlfriend with cheeseburger
florida man crashes lawn mower into police car and tells the police to take him to jail.
florida man slaps sleeping girlfriend with cheeseburger
florida man sparks chase in general lee replica after setting ex wife's house on fire
while live-streaming his walgreens visit, florida man becomes belligerent when he doesn't have enough money for beef jerky. he throws boxes around the store, one of which hits a baby.
florida man: too stupid to commit robbery
the florida department of corrections has lost track of 25,000 florida man and florida woman fugitives
florida man arrested for pointing green laser at manatee county sheriff's office helicopter
gamer overheard florida man raping teen while playing grand theft auto deputies say
florida man leaves grenade in donation bin for goodwill store
florida man attempts to trademark florida man before florida man trademarks florida man.
cop: sir, you've been shot. florida man: no, i haven't. cop: yes, you have. florida man: no, i haven't.
florida man arrested for playing basketball naked. claims it increases his "skill level".
florida man murder suspect was an internet troll who previously shot up an antique store with an ak-47 while drunk
interview with the florida man who was arrested for refusing to remove an "i eat ass" bumper sticker
florida man called 911 after a comedian made 'middle eastern' jokes at a comedy club
florida man tries to take fanny pack containing loaded gun, ammo through tsa checkpoint at connecticut airport
florida man loses it over walgreens beef jerky, hits a newborn baby upside the head, and livestreams the whole thing on facebook
florida man accused of choking wife, dog until they lost consciousness
florida man arrested for exposing his genitals and scooting toward women while riding a walmart in-store scooter
florida man throws bananas at 7-eleven clerk before he and his friends trash the store
florida man at gas station warns people not to put pee in the microwave. i wonder why
florida man eats ass cake after getting arrested for not removing "i eat ass" sticker off his car.
florida man arrested at bradley trying to bring a loaded gun onto plane
florida man(atee) orgy causes traffic jam in florida
youtuber eats ass cake with florida man recently arrested for refusing to remove an "i eat ass" bumper sticker
naked florida man walks around apartment building, tells police that he is god and asks them to cut off his penis
florida man jail deputy accused of stealing inmate's $250 nike sneakers
florida man has second thoughts on high 'steaks' heist: steals $300 worth of beef from restaurant, but abandons it in nearby woods
florida man gets five years in prison after stealing only a nintendo switch from house with surveillance cameras, all while wearing work uniform
florida man slaps sleeping girlfriend with cheeseburger, deputies say
dillon webb,  i eat ass  florida man: 5 fast facts you need to know
florida man scared raccoon off his boat, left it to die in the ocean
my first time finding a "florida man headline" in the wild.
florida man deletes title
florida man calls 911 after comedian makes middle east joke.
what if we all think it's the people of florida who are fucked up but it's actually all just the same super-villain who goes by the name "florida man" ?
florida man and cop accidentally fires gun in grocery line, grazes woman
florida man threatens to kill his neighbors. also florida man is the town mayor.
florida man busted smuggling baby tarantulas that will eventually grow to 11 inches in size.
florida man can t take a joke.
a florida man was arrested after handing over 2 ids and credit cards to compare them to his own
florida woman who threw coconut at man filming her at strip club accused of assault with deadly weapon
florida man attacks girlfriend with a cheeseburger, cops say
florida man leads chase through florida in general lee replica after igniting his ex's house on fire.
florida man] arrested in alleged anti-semitic attack in bal harbour
florida man police officer accidentally fires gun inside publix, grazes woman
florida woman arrested in mississippi after kidnapping her autistic biological daughter from foster guardian. the girl's florida man father was arrested in louisiana on unrelated drug charges.
florida man crashes beer truck into diner on orange blossom trail
florida man spat on, threatened groups of orthodox jews: cops
florida man arrested after attacking multiple ducks for no clear reason
saint florida man and his turtles
florida man attempts to avoid lovebugs, uses moves from the matrix
florida man crashes into power pole, street sign and occupied police car before trying to flee
florida man attacks other man who refuses to stop feeding feral cats
florida woman accused of hitting man with pot for fishing too much
florida man has sex with his cousin, gets into disagreement with her, fires shots into her apartment
florida man] comedian's middle eastern joke at florida club prompts 911 call
florida man drank beer while riding electric cart in walmart. when confronted by employee, he asked "what beer?" and threatened the employee with a knife. after being arrested, he was found to have stolen eyeliner, lipstick, and more beer.
florida man named glock arrested for illegally carrying a handgun
half-naked florida man tries to steal ford fiesta, gets bat to the face from feisty grandma
florida woman confronts florida man suspected of being a porch pirate, records encounter.
florida man sets fire to womans house ans flees in general lee replica
florida man calls 911 after muslim comedian makes middle east joke, worried that he might make another one at his next stand-up set
i interviewed the "i eat ass" florida man
florida woman stripper assaulted man with coconut for filming her outside club, police say
florida man lawyer gets surprised by a stowaway raccoon on his boat while 20 miles out to sea, freaks out and shoos it into the water, now faces investigations from the wildlife agency and the bar association
florida man: the complete saga
florida man on extreme game of thrones binge caught loudly watching sex scene in mcdonald's drive thru
florida man slaps girlfriend with cheese burger.
florida man eats 43 ______ in under 5 minutes.
florida woman assaults florida man with a coconut outside a strip club
florida man has vulgar truck
florida man calls 911 after comedian s joke makes him uncomfortable
florida man stands through sunroof while speeding down highway, says he'd prefer jail than going home to his wife
florida man sues city to stop foreclosure of his home because grass is too tall
florida man fatally shot wife because she was being 'disrespectful,'
florida man assaults girlfriend with a cheeseburger
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing truck full of coffins
florida man slips on construction site debris and accidentally kills co-worker in the process
florida man allegedly vapes his friends semen
florida man wants to create prostitution registry for pimps and johns
suspected florida man arsonist leads car chase through florida in general lee replica
general lee-riding florida man wasn t  just a good ol  boy, never meanin  no harm:' report
florida man starbucks employee: "the big black guy is headed for the bathroom!"
florida man, who stole money and used it to start a relationship with a bulgarian woman he met on a pornographic website, seeks the help of a millionaire to free him from jail where he is being charged with killing his family
florida man steals packages from porches while wearing a shirt emblazoned with the word "lazy"
florida man slapped girlfriend with cheeseburger, kicked her down stairs: police
florida man poses as fbi agent, dumps live catfish on woman's driveway
two for one: florida man, who is also mayor, sends death threat to intrusive florida neighbors
florida man brings his kid to  work.  police call that child abuse
florida man allegedly played basketball nude because it would 'enhance' his skills
look up florida man and your birth date to determine your florida status
florida man, mayor of oviedo, threatens to kill neighbors
florida man calls police on comic ahmed ahmed after middle east joke makes him 'uncomfortable'
florida man tells cops playing basketball naked enhances skills
this florida man turned a firefighting career into a passion for pythons
florida man steals snacks, talks to an atm, charges deputy and is arrested!
florida man arrested for methamphetamine has a conversation with an atm and charges deputy in gas station
florida woman charged with assault after admitting to throwing coconut at florida man outside strip club: police
deputies: florida man slaps girlfriend with cheeseburger
florida man tells cops playing basketball ball naked "enhances skills" and gets arrested
florida woman charged with assault after admitting to throwing coconut at man outside adult club.
florida man landscaper steals $31,000 ring and pawns it for $80
florida man steals chalice from church filled with wine because he couldn't afford alcohol
florida man calls cops on middle eastern stand-up comedian after joke makes him  uncomfortable 
florida man sets fire to wife s house and leaves in general lee replica
florida man calls 911 after comedian makes middle east joke
florida man tells cops playing basketball nude 'enhances' skills
florida man accused of threatening cricket clerk with metal stool
florida man drives 100 mph on the interstate and stands up through the sunroof
florida man chews up lit cigarette, spits pieces on deputies during arrest for slapping his sister
florida man arrested for playing basketball completely naked.
florida man arrested for playing basketball completely naked at park to "enhance his skills," police say
florida man hits nj
florida man dislikes wife s tone, shoots her in the face.
florida man, florida woman accused of stealing $500 worth of red bull
florida man arrested after bringing his 11 year old son to his job: a home burglary job
cheeseburger attack sends florida man to jail
florida man accused of playing basketball in the nude
florida man posing as fbi agent dumps live catfish on family s driveway, cops say
florida man arrested for playing basketball naked
florida man charged for eating pancakes in middle of the road.
florida man driving lawn mower charged with dui after hitting a police car, cops say
florida man sets house on fire, crashes car, steals second car, and then runs into new jersey marsh.
video: florida man dodges love bugs trying to get into his house.
florida town to rename community center named after former mayor/florida man who pled guilty to embezzlement
shirtless florida man fought a tree after being told to keep away from students on field trip. he had come to the park to teach the students  the right way  he said, walking from  east milton to burger king  to see his children.
florida man arrested for grabbed ducklings by their necks, separating them from their mother, and throwing them!
florida man tells cops playing basketball naked enhances his skills
florida man arrested after stealing truck full of coffins
breaking: r/askouija exclusive! florida man eats 43 children in under 5 minutes
florida man wants to trademark florida man
florida man[atees] have orgy in water next to causeway, cause traffic jam
florida man steals coffins, driver failed to pull over
florida man uses 'matrix' moves to dodge swarm of lovebugs [video]
florida man, woman accused of stealing $500 worth of red bull
florida man steals truck carrying coffins
florida man caught driving from sunroof tells police he'd prefer jail over seeing wife
police: florida man hid legless fugitive girlfriend in plastic tote
florida man tries to pawn his baby
deputy: florida man chugged can of beer during dui stop
florida man opens fire on store because it ran out of crawfish
florida man kkk member and former police officer has restraining order filed against him after he pokes wife in the chest and slaps her
think like a florida man, a new game show
florida man shoots wife because she was disrespectful.
florida man throws aligator into wendy's for incorrect nugget amount
elderly florida man, 88, carjacked at gunpoint while going to buy his wife new pajamas for mother s day
camera captures florida man hurling garbage can at officer
police: florida man says he shot wife over 'disrespect'
florida man and florida woman have sex in public in daylight next to another florida man and florida woman having sex.
florida man leaves several live catfish on lawn after impersonating fbi agent
a florida man let it all hang out at a strip club, dancer says. he wasn t part of the act
florida man arrested after another sex toy was thrown on the field during bills-patriots game
florida believe it or not: naked man arrested for punching a north port police k-9; man is reunited with his $150,000 prosthetic arm; man beats an alligator with a shovel
florida man, 73, fatally shot wife because she was being 'disrespectful,' police say
intoxicated florida man sets union beach house fire, flees, steals car, flees again: cops
florida man arrested after praising the lord while highway-surfing his cadillac
florida man becomes a tv series
florida man arrested for throwing ducks around by the neck at park
florida man plays basketball naked at public park and tells police he believed practicing that way would enhance his skill level
florida man hurls garbage can at police officer, later yawns while charges against him are read in court
florida man facing charges after throwing ducks.
florida man arrested after stolen caskets found in stolen rental truck
florida man] arrested, accused of getting into maine girl's bed with her
florida man brings down a bobcat from an electrical pole
taco bell employee throws punch at florida man over allegedly overcooked chalupa
florida man gets 5-and-a-half years in prison for theft of nintendo switch
looks like it's contagious. its not just florida man now. there's also florida mammals
florida man poses as fbi agent, dumps live catfish on homeowner s driveway
florida man playing basketball naked thought it would improve his skills, police say. proving that clothed or not, white men cannot jump.
florida man caught cruising while standing out of sunroof tells troopers he'd rather go to jail than home to his wife
florida man finally gets his own tv show.
florida man wants to play smash
florida man retains the right to announce via window sticker that he eats ass
florida man[atee] orgy near tampa bay highway causes traffic jam
florida man got rich
florida man loves love bugs
florida man tries to pan baby, shopkeeper calls the police
florida man carjacked while shopping for mother s day gift for wife of 64 years
florida man steals log splitters and wood chippers, asks people to sell them for him on facebook in exchange for drugs
florida man goes all day without spontaneously combusting
florida man nuts for jesus - shows his genitals to church goers, says the lord told him to do it.
florida man gets arrested after standing up through his sunroof while his car was in 'cruise control' doing 100mph up the freeway
florida man who raised over $22 million on gofundme in the  we the people will build the wall  campaign used money to pay for a  million dollar  yacht and high-flying lifestyle.
florida man under investigation after shooing raccoon off boat
florida man sentenced to 15 years for pimping out a 15-year-old girl on backpage.com
florida man forgets to cut his grass from time to time, racks up $30,000 in fines from the city, now might lose his house
florida man stands through sunroof while driving
florida rapper mans get angry at each other and get into a shootout, killing innocent florida man hertz employee from crossfire in a shootout in front of trump international beach resort
florida man brings ak-47 to school after son says teacher pushed him: police
the 'i eat ass' florida man now has a gofundme account
florida man takes uber to hospital, claiming to have been shot while being robbed. he actually shot himself in stomach accidentally while drinking and is now facing federal charges.
the florida man arrested for his "i eat ass" sticker might sue the sheriff's office
ah florida man never ceases to amaze me.
a florida man was arrested after calling 911 while high on meth
florida man arrested for standing through sunroof while driving on the interstate; would rather go to jail than see his wife!
florida man tells police he shot 'disrespectful' wife in the face
florida man gets life for slaying he blamed on sleepwalking
fhp: florida man driving cadillac from sunroof says he'd rather go to jail than back to his wife
deputies: florida man accused of torturing little girl kills himself
florida man brings ak-47 to son s school after son says teacher pushed him
florida man try s to rob bank and instantly gets caught. commented to the police  i don t know how you guys caught me i was wearing full camouflage 
florida man driving cadillac from sunroof tells cops he'd rather go to jail than back to his wife
florida man late for work because of traffic jam caused by manatee gangbang
florida man, 73, shoots his wife in the face point blank because she 'wouldn't stop the disrespectful talk'
florida man investigates "zombie fish" at blue spring state park
florida man returns chunk of stonehenge he swiped 60 years ago
first amendment frees florida man following arrest for refusal to remove  i eat ass  sticker.
florida man blames roomates' death on sleepwalking
a florida man was arrested at the jacksonville international airport on suspicion of possessing over 25 pounds of marijuana.
florida man (69) foreclosed on for having too much grass
florida man driving on sunroof says he would rather go to jail than back to his wife.
florida agency investigates after florida man shoos raccoon off boat: the video includes a man's voice yelling and saying, "so long, sucker."
florida man claims self-defense after allegedly stabbing man who spit on his car
homeless florida man and homeless florida woman accused of having sex in parking lot, 10 feet away from second homeless florida man and second homeless florida woman accused of simultaneously having sex in the same parking lot.
70 year old florida man arrested for driving 100 mph then sitting on top of his sun roof
florida man would rather "go to jail" than back home to his wife
florida man says he would rather 'go to jail' than back home to his wife
florida man smokes meth, hallucinates, calls 911, and gets arrested
florida man tries to sell baby at a pawn shop for a snapchat prank
florida man sentenced to life for murder he blamed on sleepwalking
florida man who stole piece of stonehenge 60 years ago gives it back
florida man tortures 2 yr old while wearing 'werewolf mask.'
florida man fights for his first amendment right to proudly display  i eat ass  sticker on vehicle. wins.  
a florida man was scammed by another florida man in prison who he thought was a lawyer.
florida man set fire to n.j. home, stole car, then ran from cops
florida man is getting his own show
florida man crashes lawn mower into cop car, tells police officer "fuck i'm drunk, take me to jail"
charges dropped against florida man with  i eat ass  sticker on his truck
florida man crashes lawn mower into cop car
florida man grabs mcdonald s worker over having to ask for a straw
police say no charges for florida man who asked clerk if he could pawn his infant child
florida man rape chicken
florida man who stole piece of ancient stonehenge 60 years ago gives it back: "we are very grateful"
https://www.clickorlando.com/news/want-more-florida-man-coming-soon-to-a-tv-near-you
teenage florida man hacks his high school, emails everyone urgent announcement about "mandatory penis inspections in accordance with florida penal code 69."
florida man argues with cop, gets arrested, almost loses his job, goes to court, and finally wins a victory for free speech- all for his right to bear an "i eat ass" sticker on the rear window of his pick-up truck.
florida man ice cream truck driver catcalls girl, chest bumps her father, and then is arrested for weed
florida man runs off, is tased, and is hit by car during traffic stop
florida man faces foreclosure over fines for uncut grass
the lawyer for the florida man arrested for his "i eat ass" sticker is praising his bravery
florida man beats the system
the original florida man
florida man mayor jailed due to missing guns, drugs dealing, domestic abuse on the 2 women living in his house, medical malpractice with a child dying, shooting smoke detectors, and much more.
florida man arrested for having an 'i eat ass' sticker on truck says his rights were violated
florida man sexually assaults tied up alligator multiple times
florida man caught having sex with alligator - news crab
hi i m doug. florida man stands out of his sunroof while driving down the highway to praise god
charges dropped against florida man arrested for "i eat ass" sticker on his truck window
episode 75: the trouble with 'florida man' (from a podcast called citations needed)
florida man steals pal s mercedes-amg from gas station, promptly crashes into a bmw
florida man suffers a leg wound while waiting in line at publix, nobody can figure out what the hell happened, the cops don't know what to make of it, he finally pieces together hours later that his wife had dropped her purse and her gun went off.
video captures florida man standing and resting against sunroof while speeding down the highway
florida man returns missing piece of stonehenge he stole 60 years ago
there is going to be a florida man tv show.
florida man blames demons after beating pregnant girlfriend for playing xbox, police say
florida man tortured, abused, and burned his girlfriend's 2-year-old while wearing a werewolf mask
florida man claims demons told him to beat pregnant girlfriend for playing xbox
florida man returns missing stonehenge chunk finally returned 60 years later
florida man who tried to pawn his infant son says it was a joke for snapchat
florida man wore woman's wig to escape arrest
florida man signs bill allowing teachers to carry guns in schools
florida man arrested after sending video of himself touching sleeping woman s buttocks to her husband via facebook messenger.
young florida man calls 911 because he was lonely and wanted a friend
florida man food service worker at gentlemen's club may have exposed patrons to hepatitis a
florida man, former wwe wrestler matt morgan becomes longwood's new mayor
florida man shot on roof after co-worker accidentally fires gun while exiting truck at construction site
network known for true-crime programs developing 'florida man' show
florida man fatally shot at restaurant after argument
florida man breaks into home to pet cat
florida man says: "is this your first time?"
florida vacation man laughs after florida man in audience suggests shooting migrants
florida vacation man laughs after florida man in audience jokes about killing immigrants
florida man goes on florida man rant.
florida man pool attendant denies knowing anything about "racy" jerry falwell jr. photos after inexplicably receiving $1.8 million in loans from falwell
cape coral police arrest florida man with enough fentanyl to kill 3,400 people
florida man tries to pawn baby
florida man(1) steals police car. tries to pull over florida man(2) who is also in a stolen car. florida man(2) crashes stolen car into house and flees.
florida man sparks huge police search after trying to pawn his own baby
florida man arrested after calling 911 while hallucinating on meth
florida man faces foreclosure over uncut grass
florida man shows police his marijuano
florida man assaulted by florida woman screaming  go home jew   tell your neighbors that jesus christ is here 
oregon man becomes florida man
charges dropped against florida man busted for "i eat ass" car sticker
florida man steals cop car, attempts to pull over stolen cadillac causing crash into home.
florida man says hes sorry after trying to pawn baby as a prank
florida man arrested after refusing to remove  i eat a   bumper sticker
nypd transit cops arrest florida man for one murder, and he says he's committed 6 more
florida man gets his own tv show.
many a florida man are going to have some problems with the wifey.
florida man arrested for "i eat ass" sticker on rear window of his truck
florida man charged with dui on his lawnmower
f*** it, i m drunk, take me to jail : florida man crashes lawn mower into police car. with bonus pic showing what a real goldurned florida man looks like.
florida man goes to jail for eating ass
florida man injured by fishing line while cycling through park
naked florida man seen pleasuring himself in public
florida man with drugs in trousers says pants not his
florida man defends free speech
florida man loves eating ass, police kink shame him by slapping on the cuffs.
florida man proudly states he eats ass!
florida man in werewolf mask allegedly burned, shocked 2-year-old girl
florida man arrested for not removing  i eat ass  sticker from car
florida man arrested for refusing to remove vulgar sticker
florida man returns part of stone henge he stole 60 years ago
florida man accused of making anti-semitic calls to miami beach bagel shop
florida police say no charges for florida man who asked clerk if he could pawn his infant child
florida man arrested after refusing to remove  i eat ass  bumper sticker
florida man arrested for having an "i eat a$$" sticker on his truck
a florida man tv series? series lee?
florida man wore woman s wig to escape arrest
florida man tries to pawn baby as prank, wanting to make viral video
florida man faces $30k in fines, foreclosure after not mowing lawn
sex offender becomes florida man after faking his own death to avoid jail
florida man arrested after refusing to remove  i eat ass  bumper sticker
florida man refuses to remove "i eat ass" window sticker from truck, citing his first amendment right
florida man works at dunkin'. masters the sword.
florida man who tried to pawn his baby speaks out
florida man threatens in e-mail:  i am now so furious about you that i even couldn t control my mind killing you, seriously. 
florida man accuses starbucks employee of racially profiling him for using the bathroom
florida man mayor sells alcohol to minors
florida man nabbed by nypd transit officers was wanted for miami beach mutilation murder
florida man tries to use wig disguising as a woman to elude police
florida man gang members forcibly tatoo a racial slur on a member; spell it wrong.
florida man receives toll violation for license plate he owned 25 years ago
florida man beats a woman with a conch shell, police said. then he went to bed
florida man beat a woman with a conch shell before going to bed
florida man just eating some ham
florida man driving drunk on riding lawnmower and crashes into police car
florida man sentenced for west virginia bank fraud
florida man driving drunk on riding lawnmower, crashing into police car
florida man accused of dui after crashing lawn mower into police cruiser
you gotta smoke a bowl with me . florida man shows police his marijuana plants, gets arrested.
cross post from r/news. florida man invokes first amendment in arrest over bumper sticker reading "i eat ass."
florida man, formerly a cop, arrested for dui and stuffing pot down his pants!
pro florida man activists declare war on r/foridaman.
police: he was drunk. he rode a lawn mower. he hit a cop car. he's a florida man.
florida man charged with dui after hitting officer on a lawnmower.
florida man sheriff's deputy arrests great-grandmother with cbd oil at disney world
florida man, blind dog complete 1,100-mile hike across the state
naked florida man arrested for  actively tugging  genitals while walking around neighborhood
florida man arrested after exposing sexual organs in public: police
florida man wore werewolf mask as he tortured toddler with torch, shock collar deputies say
florida man named corey feldman gets drunk, steals his buddy's mercedes amg from a gas station and crashes into another car. no word yet whether heather graham was in the trunk.
florida man believes he was  half dog half man  in face-biting double homicide
florida man attacks victim who came to feed his parents' dog
florida man accidentally shoots himself while shopping at publix.
florida man as mall ninja
florida man was just standing in line at publix. his wife dropped her purse and the gun inside went off, hitting him in the shin.
florida man with 0.241 blood alcohol content crashes mower into cop car
florida man molests girl... blames it on anime
florida man charged with dui on his lawn mower
florida man accidentally shot by wife at publix checkout
florida man shot when wife drops purse in grocery store
florida man caught speeding 50kmh over speed limit... in canada
florida man drives his lawn mower into a police car.
a florida man beat a woman with a conch shell before going to bed, police said
florida man says demons took over his body when he beat up pregnant girlfriend
florida man accused of beating girlfriend for drinking 'the last of his vodka'
florida man accidentally shoots his own arse while inside publix
florida man beat a woman with a conch shell, police said. then he went to bed.
florida man accuse of beating woman with conch shell and throwing her into a canal. if this isn t textbook florida, i don t know what is!
florida man named corey feldman steals friend's mercedes, rear-ends bmw
florida man commits murder over imaginary girlfriend
florida man vapes semen
florida man is currently using his girlfriend as a model to sell star wars merchandise on ebay.
florida man has new competition from oregon.
according to the rules: florida man + florida woman
florida man is a true fuckhead
florida man compilation
florida man buzzkill - chrome plugin replacer
florida man 20 years as teacher, gives up on education, not worth the hassle!
wanted florida man hoped blonde wig would disguise him from deputies as he biked away
florida man wore werewolf mask while torturing girlfriend s sleeping 2-year-old
florida man and florida woman arrested for having sex on the beach "in every possible position fully nude...they did not cover up...it went on for 25 minutes."
florida man caught facetiming high-speed pursuit while traveling 110 mph
wanted florida man hoped blonde wig would disguise him from deputies as he biked away: report
moron gang members misspell racial slur forcibly tattooed on neck of florida man
florida man sheriff allows woman to give birth isolated in county jail cell
fugitive florida man on bike hoped 'hideous' blonde wig disguise would help him evade deputies, police say
florida man discovers to his ultimate regret that a long blond wig does not make an effective disguise.
florida man shoots himself while in line at grocery store
florida man nearly drowns trying to rescue family dog from lake because he was wearing steel toed boots. the dog was fine.
florida man gets crowd to lead chant and cheer on nh man married to his pregnant sister, who is running for president
florida man wears wig to evade capture. epic fail!
florida man arrested for kicking swans while practicing karate
florida man accidentally shoots himself in grocery store checkout line
florida man arrested after inviting deputies to see pot plat
florida man and florida woman busted having sex on sidewalk outside of key west pd!
represent! not the usual florida man story, but why not? shark bite capital of the world! even have 2 friends who have been bitten.
florida man arrested after inviting deputies to see pot plant
racist florida man and florida woman can't spell the 'n' word while attempting to tattoo neck of black member
florida man wore werewolf mask while torturing girlfriend s sleeping 2-year-old, police say
florida man and florida woman (white florida gang members) try to punish black member with racist tattoo but screw up spelling
florida man runs for his life while his neighbor chases him in a tractor
florida man arrested after telling cops he s jason bourne
florida man arrested after inviting police officer to smoke a bowl with him
florida man shits in washing machine at soapy's coin laundromat
florida man attacked by a  crazy squirrel  gone nuts. and it was raised by a neighbor
florida man accused of stealing fhp cruiser in okeechobee county
florida man tries to punish black member with racist tattoo, but screws up spelling
florida man forcibly tattoos a racial slur on a black man and spells it wrong
florida man shows deputies his marijuana plant and says they need "to smoke a bowl with me please" before being arrested.
florida man doesn't like kids swimming after 8 p.m.
florida man charged with setting woman on fire after dispute"
florida man accused of ordering teens to leave community pool, firing gun at ground near them
large flightless bird kills florida man
florida man arrested after he attempted to pay for his mcdonald's order with weed
florida man traps niece in a trash bin and beats her with brick for trying to cross the road.
drunk florida man kicked out of library told cops he was jason bourne: report
florida man and woman rescued by a boat named amen after praying for help
florida man gets fired from his job as a lifeguard, steals hammer from home depot, uses it to rob teen of his truck, drives to another county, steals cop car, smashes into guardrail, runs into woods -- calls it a day's work.
florida man waves down cops to show off his marijuana plant, offers them a smoke, gets arrested
florida man steals fhp cruiser and leads troopers on multi-county chase
florida man high school student kicks officer in the face during lunchtime fight
florida man, proud of his marijuana plant, arrested after showing it to the police.
video: florida man drops stolen tv from getaway scooter
florida man enjoys  actively masturbating  on long walks around neighborhood
florida man: white gang punishes black member with racial slur tattoo but spell it wrong
florida man loves to eat these foods
florida man wore werewolf mask while torturing sleeping 2-year-old girl
florida man (and 2 others) assault and forcibly tattoo misspelled racial slur on victim's neck.
florida man can t spell
florida man touches himself on beach because women were "in thongs" and says he "knew better"
florida man, riding bicycle and wearing long blonde wig, arrested in operation that confiscated enough fentanyl "to kill everyone in brevard county"
florida man forcibly tattoos racial slur on man s neck   except he spells it wrong
florida man gets racial slur name of a country tattooed on him
florida man gets political.
florida man, florida division of emergency management director, has his path blocked by angry geese
florida man charged with 1972 murder
meta] florida man replacer chrome extension replaces the text 'florida man' with 'man likely suffering from mental illness or drug addiction.'
the trouble with florida man
citations needed: the trouble with florida man
florida man interviewed about finding dead great white shark with giant turtle lodged in its mouth, also tells reporter about all the hookers that friended him on facebook due to his newfound shark fame
florida man creates 2nd worst comic strip ever.
florida man gets prison for smuggling turtles in candy wrappers
florida man gets into a brawl with philly man and his two buddies in a restaurant. also alcohol may have played a role. also all four of them are cops.
florida man admits to laundering more than $1.5 million in proceeds from business email compromise schemes and to selling reptiles without a license | usao-sdfl
florida man emergency management director besieged by geese entering his office
drunken florida man tells cops he s jason bourne
florida man exposes himself in disney water park
florida man dresses up as granny to steal baby formula from publix
florida man sues patients after receiving bad reviews online
florida man had a key west moment!
florida man wearing bonnet, dress steals baby formula from publix
florida man has sex outside of a police station. calls it a key west moment.
florida man arrested 47 years after north carolina mom was found murdered beside her shivering baby
florida woman accused of molesting florida man in assisted living facility
florida man pleasures himself inside a dollar store
florida man threatened to behead sen. bernie sanders "isis-style"
florida man action density
florida man caught on body cam showing off marijuana plant to deputies; is promptly arrested.
florida man who fatally stabbed girlfriend was sleepwalking, didn't mean to do it, lawyer says
florida woman slashes tires when man won t stop playing video games
florida man invites police to admire his marijuana plant, smoke a bowl with them at 2am
florida man imprisoned for trafficking girl, 14, via backpage
florida woman arrested for listing very private pics of man and blackmailing him.
old and busted: florida man pretending to be cop while pulling over a real cop. new hotness: florida man pretends to be a detective, demands that jail staff immediately release his imprisoned buddy.
florida man needs help
florida man tells police he s jason bourne
florida man rescues dolphin stuck on sandbar
florida man claims sexual role-playing led to live-streamed shootout with deputies: 'i am an artist, not a criminal'
meta/discussion] i noticed a lot of of florida man posts involve someone who is homeless/addicted to drugs/mentally ill, could we auto-post resources and/or a donation link in the comments?
florida man dies after a bird crossing the road causes a crash
florida man accused of committing lewd act at typhoon lagoon in disney park
florida man; a socially acceptable way to mock the marginalized and indigent.
florida man guilty of threatening to behead bernie sanders  isis-style 
collection of our favorite florida man stories.
florida man explain the problem with florida man stories
florida man googles self to find out which florida man he is...
florida man uses wolf mask and shock collar to terrorize child!
florida man resists arrest by singing karaoke
new card game: florida man or fiction
florida man throws broken cinder block at vehicle 'as prank,' police say
florida man gets drunk, tells cops he's jason bourne
florida man calls sheriff after botched drug deal
florida woman busted for allegedly trying to extort man by publishing photos of his genitalia on his social media
11-foot alligator captured after rescue crew mistakes it for unconscious florida man
the truth behind florida man.
florida man caught with full rack of ribs in pants.
florida man left fatal crash to 'drop off his weed,' police say
florida man, woman pretended to be detectives to try to get friend out of jail
florida man arrested for having sex with woman on sidewalk in front of key west police department
cesar sayoc, florida man who mailed pipe bombs to trump critics tells judge in handwritten letter he meant no harm
florida man threatens to  shoot all the employees  at pet store over sick puppies
florida man becomes upset over cigarette prices, brings loaded rifle into store, officials say
florida man accused of committing lewd act at disney water park
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of porn its not meant to be teen
florida man who allegedly threatened family with coldplay lyrics ends standoff after swat promises him pizza
big plastic cow vanishes from a steakhouse. florida man offers free food for its return.
florida man thinks his shopping cart is a car
hunting for shark teeth -- florida man addiction or affliction?
florida man contracts rare flesh-eating bacterial from a fish hook. gross pics...
florida man robs gas station with drawn on goatee
florida man robs gas station while wearing drawn-on goatee
florida man brandishes a gun, and makes death threats while chasing a lawn care crew over wayward clippings.
florida (wo)man arrested for dui while transporting her cat's ashes, gets emotional and throws up.
florida man breaks into neighbor's home to pet their cat.
anonymous florida man steals a 12-foot cow statue from st. pete s harold seltzer s steakhouse
roses are red, you re eating too much corn, florida man gets drunk and tells cops, he s jason bourne
florida man sends penis shaped mailbox to mother
florida man installs giant wooden dick mailbox
florida man arrested for attempting to  barbecue  child molesters
florida man breaks into office, helps himself to a drink out of the fridge, leaves sign in window saying  secretary wanted, $17/hour ,
florida man jarred from stupor
florida man dies in meth-lab explosion after lighting farts on fire
florida man neglects 9 fully grown dogs and 3 puppies while they fight each other and live in their own filth
florida man takes alligator on beer run, chaos ensues
florida man threatens to kill landscapers after grass clippings are left on lawn
florida man stabs nephew for taking too long in the bathroom
florida man attacked partner with machete because she said she was leaving him
florida man, blind dog complete 1,100-mile hike
florida man prefers applicants to be caucasian
florida man attacked by a squirrel
florida man attacks mattress looking for  girlfriend s lover .
shirtless florida man pees in bushes before dousing garage in gasoline, spray painting profanity on a lawnmower, and stealing a pellet gun on his way out
florida man attracts florida woman
florida man blames blood sugar and diabetes on walmart theft
florida man argument over missing fishing poles ends in stabbing at fishing bridge
florida man, working as a security guard, arrested for shooting self in leg
former florida men are crowdfunding a florida man card game
florida man, working as security guard, shoots self in leg and is arrested
florida man pretending to be a deputy tried to pull over a real detective and got arrested
florida man good thinking
the negotiator: florida man stops street fight by running everyone over
naked florida man burglarizes little league concession stand in dunedin
florida man makes death threats over grass clippings on his walkway
florida man arrested after attacking mattress
florida man thinks he can ride his bike on school grounds at dismissal time every day, but parents figure out he's a registered sex offender, call the cops and now he's arrested
florida man infected with flesh-eating bacteria while fishing in gulf of mexico
florida man takes meth and steals boat as victim chases with a jet ski
72 year old florida man stabs nephew multiple times because he took too long in the bathroom
flesh-eating bacteria infects florida man fishing off coast in gulf of mexico
florida man who sent bombs to trump critics says he was high on trump rallies, steroids: gothamist
florida man shoots 'bully' shark: 'you can shoot a nuisance giraffe, but if you take care of a shark....you re a bad person?'
florida man shoots shark:  you can shoot a nuisance giraffe, but if you take care of a shark... you re a bad person?"
florida man shoots "bully" shark: "you can shoot a nuisance giraffe, but if you take care of a shark... you re a bad person?"
florida man - in rare sentencing, ex-florida officer gets 25 years for killing musician
florida man on meth fights mattress because man "hiding inside"
florida man purposefully crashes into police cars to avoid arrest
south florida man arrested after fatally shooting neighbor during dog dispute
flesh-eating bacteria necrotizing fasciitis hits fishing florida man
florida man, woman charged in wethersfield bank robbery that netted $83,000
florida man attacks mattress in jealous fit of rage after smoking meth, deputies say
meth smoking florida man attacks mattress in jealous rage - story
found a florida man in my local ohio news
florida man arrested for threatening lawn care employees with gun over grass clippings, deputies say
florida man drops off 'baby cheetah' at fire station: after lots of investigating, fire crews determined it might not be a cheetah cub after all.
florida man uploads if florida was a country to youtube and widespread hilarity ensues
florida man arested for attacking his mattress
florida man attacked and killed by his giant flightless bird, which is now up for auction!
florida man stabs nephew for hogging the bathroom.
florida man accidentally shoots himself at i-4 rest stop, claims it was someone else, deputies say
florida man edward cocaine arrested on drug charge.
florida man who sent bombs to democrats says trump rallies were  like a new found drug," also abused steroids and listened to trump s self-help cds
florida man admits to having sex multiple times with mini horse
is ai subreddit getting scarily accurate for florida man?
florida man vladimir putin arrested
florida man doesn t believe in fall damage
florida man exposes himself in traffic while advertising for weapons class
florida man says he's 'too fat' for dui test
florida man drives his invisible car
flesh-eating bacteria infects florida man fishing off coast of palm harbor in gulf of mexico
florida man 'hero easter bunny' wanted in new jersey
a florida man was attacked and killed by his giant, flightless bird. now it's up for sale
florida man run over by a new jersey teenager he knew
florida man named miracle saves woman from car wreck
florida man in easter bunny costume hops to the rescue of woman in brawl
florida man, dan johnson, stabbed nephew for hogging bathroom
florida man investigated after shooting shark: said this is how he 'deals with bullies'
i am a man and i live in florida. does that count?
florida man kills two people having sex in exchange for $480
florida man has so much feces in his house, deputies have to wear masks to arrest him
florida man gets mugshot taken while wearing a t-shirt of his previous mugshot
florida man, one dressed in bull onesie. tried to burn a house with ragu
florida[wo]man sits on and kills kid, gets life in prison
florida man in bunny suit fighting recent news story
florida man fights with girlfriend, gets beaten by easter bunny
easter bunny beats up florida man
florida man squirts water pistol filled with his own urine at woman.
florida man makes his way into indian newspapers
florida man gets beat up by the easter bunny.
florida man in easter bunny brawl is a fugitive &amp; talks about his furry fist fight
florida man shoots suspect who stole car with young son inside
florida man serving 23 years in prison back in custody after accidental release, authorities say
florida man stabs nephew after taking too long in bathroom, being disrespectful
florida man vs. easter bunny
a florida man was killed by a giant bird. now it s for sale.
large, flightless bird that killed florida man set to be auctioned
a wrestling fans take on florida man
florida woman fends off 300-pound man with baseball bat, cops say
florida man upset over child's teacher threatens to blow up school, sheriff's office says
florida man darts across i-4 to escape deputies; gets caught in what can only be described as the human version of frogger
florida man brings drugs to a drug bust, gets himself busted
florida man had sexual relationship with 12-year-old niece, wanted to marry her, officials say - story
florida man loses pants during burglary.
cops: florida man stabbed nephew for hogging bathroom
florida man (deputy) fired after forcing inmate to do pushups for feeding cookie to bird
florida man gets out of prison and immediately steals car from prison parking lot.
florida man fails at burglary, strips naked and poops in yard instead
florida man (yours truly) is having a hard time making a post and he can t figure out how to contact the mods
florida man attempts to escape cops after by entering alligator-infested lake waters. police mistakenly announce florida man is wearing a  black banana. 
florida man has a special outfit reserved for getting arrested and taken to jail
florida man dressed as easter bunny throws punches in brawl caught on video
florida man getting nationwide attention for joining a street brawl while dressed as a giant easter bunny is a fugitive from another state
florida man seen fighting in an easter bunny costume is a fugitive from new jersey with a violent past
florida man camps in garage kicks out window of police car and gets tackled.
florida man arrested after aggressively eating handfuls of pasta
florida man shoots urine at women with squirt gun
florida man stabs, kills man after refusing to drink on easter, authorities say
florida man on the run from nj caught on camera brawling in easter bunny costume
florida man shot while shooting up in walgreen's pharmacy he was threatening to shoot up
florida man in easter bunny costume caught in viral brawl is wanted in new jersey, has history of arrests
watch: florida man makes beer run with gator in hand
a homeless man reported a dead body by carrying the skull into a florida publix and using it as a puppet
florida man is hungry for some olive garden spaghetti, but only eats it with his bare hands.
florida man warns motorists of cops ahead
police: florida man commits murder over imaginary girlfriend
florida man fights the police with a cucumber up his ass
florida man foils police speed trap by putting up a handmade sign warning drivers
florida man shares video of homemade pipe bomb going off on facebook, later posts, "i went to jail for this. could be facing up to 10 years. hope they take it easy."
florida man gets beat down by the easter bunny
florida man pretends to be cop, tries to pull over detective's car
florida man says he killed ex-girlfriend, her brothers because they 'kind of tortured' him
florida man impersonates detective, gets arrested
florida man brawls with man in bunny outfit in downtown orlando after the magic game
florida man tries to start something outside a club, gets his ass kicked by a giant easter bunny
florida man eats speghetti with his bare hands outside of olive garden.
florida man pretends to be a cop. attempts to pull over actual undercover cop.
florida man gets beat up by easter bunny (video embed not deleted as in other articles)
florida man beat up by easter bunny
florida man hooks monster fish that drags his boat 20 miles and fights him for eight hours
a florida man choked to death in october after eating dozens of live cockroaches in a contest to win a python, an autopsy has found.
florida woman hits man with frying pan, twice
florida woman hits man with frying pan, twice- heated argument in baker county turns physical
florida man dressed as easter bunny hops into street fight in orlando
florida man makes song "murder on my mind", gets charged with double murder
huge alligator captured by 80-year old florida man:  that thing tugged me all over 
i want to believe that florida man is like doctor who, pulls off these amazing stunts and then escaping jail and getting a new skin or something
florida man accused of shoving woman to get her egg rolls
florida man arrested after cops find him outside olive garden shoveling spaghetti into his mouth
naked florida man wanted for burglarizing concession stand
i have a theory about florida man. pablo escobar inadvertently created him by selling so much cocaine to miami.
florida man pretended to be an officer, then tried to pull over an undercover cop
florida man the defender of drivers
florida man denies syringes found inside rectum are his
florida man impersonating officer pulls over undercover detective, deputies say
florida man gropes technician who was fingerprinting him for disorderly conduct charge
florida man arrested for wrestling a fake alligator at a shopping mall
florida man goes to jail for telling children at the playground where babies come from
police: florida man thought he was stealing drugs, not laxatives
f  sty gr  dm 
florida man teies to steal car, fiesty grandma hits him with baseball bat
florida man impersonating police officer pulls over undercover cop
florida man headline generator i made - enjoy. any feedback would be great
florida man arrested for making threats to members of congress
florida man charged in racist threats against cory booker and rashida tlaib
florida man charged over threats to democrats that mentioned ilhan omar
florida man contractor misspelled 'school' on florida road, city confirms
florida man attacks woman with pee shooter pistol
florida man groped fingerprint technician
florida man arrested after threats to 2 democratic presidential candidates
didn t know florida man was on vacation in ohio  
florida man hides drugs in his butt crack
cops look for naked florida man who stole from little league
til that florida has the 'sunshine law' it gives freedom of information including arrests, and this is why we hear about so many crazy people from florida. (florida man)
florida man busted for singing dirty song to neighbor.
florida man expectations vs. reality
who keeps all this in their car??
florida man pretending to be cop pulls over undercover officer
florida man accused of trying to set american flag on fire at miami beach church
florida man, uber driver accused of sexually battering woman in south florida
florida man pretends to be a cop, pulls over actual cop, gets arrested
florida man george zimmerman gets banned from tinder after using fake name
florida man banned from tinder after using fake name and not his real name george zimmerman
florida man shouts  fuck that alligator , jumps into lake and is killed by alligator
florida man as fake cop pulls over undercover officer
florida man arrested over violent threats against swalwell, booker, tlaib
florida man charged with threatening cory booker, rashida tlaib, eric swalwell
florida man charged with making threats against democratic lawmakers
florida man misspells school on crosswalk
south florida man arrested for threatening to kill democratic lawmakers, including ilhan omar
florida man hit by car during failed 'in my feelings' challenge
florida man gets ballsy, shoves golf balls down his pants in attempted theft
florida man sheriff's deputy caught selling department property on ebay
florida man arrested wrestling fake alligator
80-year-old florida man wrangles massive alligator in his backyard
florida man fathers child with girlfriend/niece and shoots her and his older daughter
florida man steals jeep, parks at a fire station, steals fire gear then defecates at hotel
huge alligator captured by 80-year-old florida man:  that thing tugged me all over 
the florida man who was arrested last week for trying to rko his teacher has been arrested again for another rko
florida man impersonating law enforcement gets busted...by pulling over undercover detective
florida man goes inside thanos and destroys his anus
a 300-pound florida man in boxers was no match for a 65-year-old woman with a baseball bat
florida man hides drugs in his butt crack
naked toddler in ihop parking lot leads to arrest of florida man &amp; florida woman passed out in van
florida man impersonating police officer tries to pull over . . . a police officer
florida man killed by dangerous exotic bird he kept as a pet
florida man cracks an egg on his mom's head for a facebook challenge, which leads to a fight that ends in his arrest
florida man pretending to be a cop pulls over a real cop undercover
florida man steps in it
florida man has his first encounter with other floridians on flakka
florida man arrested for singing dirty song to neighbor
florida man impersonating police pulls over undercover detective
florida man claims he only drank at stoplights, and not while driving
machete-wielding florida man attacks driver trying to merge in front of him, deputies say
florida man shoveling spaghetti in mouth arrested at olive garden
florida man killed by rare giant bird
florida man has best nhl season in modern history
florida man accused of firing pee-filled squirt gun at woman
florida man arrested after being filmed wrestling fake alligator at mall
florida man explains why he buried his friend in his backyard
the car is a ferrari and it goes fast," florida man helpfully explains to cops after driving his ferrari too fast.
florida man arrested for making homemade gun, firing 'warning shot' into the ground during argument
florida man arrested for rko'ing a fake alligator
florida man professional baseball pitcher and cy young award winner breaks toe moving bathroom furniture and lands on injured list
florida man threatens to destroy town with his army of turtles
look out florida man there is a new sharif in town
florida man accused of firing pee-filled squirt gun at woman, says he'd do it again
florida man arrested after attacking wife with tractor | miami herald
naked florida man breaks into little league concession stand, causes $5,000 in damage while stealing $250 in cash and a package of hot dogs
florida man arrested for eating pasta belligerently
florida man shoots woman with water gun filled with his own urine
nc man mistaken for florida man when orange county sherriff s office believed they had detained serial car thief
florida man wanted for tieing up a puppy and tossing him in a dumpster
florida man demonstrates how to use a tractor to stop your wife from leaving you
80-year-old south florida man wrangles large alligator in his backyard
florida man has a tractor but she didn t think it was sexy.
florida man arrested outside olive garden after eating pasta belligerently
florida man (teenager edition) arested for rkoing a fake gator.
florida man, ex space station official used government funds for high price hookers
florida man killed by 'world's most dangerous bird' in his own yard
florida man shoots woman with squirt gun....filled with piss
florida man/woman- the naked files
florida man spends weeks in jain for using "heroin," which was actually detergent
florida man, jumps into crocodile pit, gets bitten
what is a cassowary? florida man killed by giant exotic bird with dagger-like claws
police: florida man threatened town with turtle army
security camera catches florida man eating poop **** video ****
dirty cop falsely charges florida man with drug trafficking says 96 grams of detergent was herion
florida man arrested after wrestling with fake alligator
florida man squirts urine at woman walking dog, says he d  do it again, 
florida man is law abiding citizen.
florida man who was informant on mayor who shot at s.w.a.t. team mysteriously dies in jail of od
florida man kept one of the world's most dangerous birds as pets. it ended in death
florida man arrested for backhanding alligator
florida man tells television reporter that he buried a body in his back yard
florida man killed by giant pet dinosaur bird
florida man with water gun squirts his own urine at woman, cops say
florida man/woman/dog expose themselves, do karate, attempt to run over officers with scooter at local wal-mart.
florida man kisses elderly woman on cheek during home invasion
florida man casually tells tv crew he buried friend in backyard: "i made a bad decision"
florida man finds 27 possible graves near school
florida man uses squirt gun to shoot his urine at a woman walking her dog
florida man, 71, accused of firing pee-filled squirt gun at woman
florida man in 'don't take life so seriously' shirt arrested on attempted murder charge
florida man who tossed daughter off bridge convicted of murder
florida man arrested after offering cop $20 to go skinnydipping
florida man casually tells tv crew he buried friend in backyard:  probably a bad decision
fortunately the florida man has multiple lives
florida man killed by his achnemesis, flightless bird
florida man arrested for shoveling spaghetti into his mouth at an olive garden
florida man shoots woman with water gun filled with his own urine.
florida man arrested for using a tractor to stop wife from leaving him
florida man... men and women among states with most drunk online shoppers
florida man who dropped daughter off bridge found guilty of murder
florida man squirts urine-filled water gun at woman walking her dog
florida local news has florida man section
john jonchuck, florida man who dropped daughter off bridge, guilty of first-degree murder
florida man arrested for attempting rko on principal
rare bird attacks and kills florida man, officials say - cnn
minutes after being released from jail, a florida man was arrested in the parking lot for breaking into cars - made it a whole 15 min
a cassowary, a rare emu-like bird, attacks and kills florida man, officials say
florida man kept one of the  world s most dangerous  birds on his farm. then it killed him.
florida man who purchased private island for $8m later arrested for shoplifting
florida man ends standoff with police with pizza
florida man killed by his pet flightless bird
florida man killed by australian bird
florida man pretends to be a cop and pulls over detectives.
florida man nabbed for allegedly speeding tells cops, 'the car is a ferrari and it goes fast 
florida man killed by cassowary
florida man gets what he deserves
florida man killed by large, dangerous bird he kept as pet
r.i.p. florida man, you had a good run.
florida man arrested for exposing genitals to traffic
florida man killed by flightless bird he kept on farm
florida man used international space station funds on high-priced prostitutes
florida man killed by cassowary birds
florida man, paid $8 million for a private island, got caught stealing from kmart
florida man on motorcycle taunted deputies before crashing into tree
florida man killed by gigantic pet bird
florida man, 75, killed by 'dangerous' cassowary bird he raised
florida man too fat for jail
authorities: florida man on motorcycle taunted deputies before crashing into tree
florida man killed by world s most dangerous bird
florida man threatens to break up with girlfriend over hockey team
florida man killed by his pet cassowary
florida man dies after being attacked by his pet cassowary, a dangerous and exotic bird.
florida man killed by pet dinosaur
florida man wanted for triple fatal shooting turns himself in to police
florida man killed by exotic bird he owned
florida man sends letter from jail about plans to commit murder
florida man tries to exchange marijuana for food at mcdonalds
florida man shoots woman with water gun filled with urine
florida man exotic bird kills 75 yo owner
florida man killed by his giant flightless pet bird.
florida man killed by his cassowary, huge species known as 'world's most dangerous bird'
florida man arrested for shoveling spaghetti in his mouth at olive garden.
florida man killed by pet bird
large flightless bird in captivity kills florida man in  horrible  accident
florida man "only drinks at stoplights" and not while driving
florida man strips naked and poops in naples family's yard
florida man killed by flightless bird deemed 'world's most dangerous'
i have bad news florida man is no longer with us.
i saw florida man today
florida man arrested after setting raccoon on fire for eating his mangos.
florida man killed by cassowary
florida man killed by a large, flightless bird
down in florida, do they have a new york man challenge?
florida man breeds cassowaries, is killed by them
florida man killed by his large flightless bird
florida bird attacks and kills a florida man.
florida man sues parents for $86,000 for tossing his porn collection
florida man dies when big flightless bird after owner stumbles
florida man dies when large, flightless bird attacks and kills its owner after stumble
florida man dies after attack being attacked by his large flightless after stumbled
large flightless bird kills florida man
florida man falls to his arch nemesis captain birdbrain
florida man punches bicyclist who wanted to cross in front of his car
bbc news - florida man killed by large flightless bird he owned
florida man killed by cassowary, a big angry bird from australia
florida man killed by large flightless bird that he owned
florida man writes to his mom about who he plans to kill as soon as he's released from prison, apparently still unaware that prison doesn't come with a lot of privacy
florida man kicked to death by worlds most dangerous bird.
a florida man who authorities believe was breeding cassowaries has been killed by one of the birds
florida man killed by large australian flightless bird
florida man attacked and killed by his pet cassowary, a large flightless bird
florida man killed by large flightless bird
florida man tries to buy lotto tickets with movie money
and this bird you'll never tame, florida man.
florida man deliberately drives his ferrari off a dock
large, flightless bird attacks and kills man in florida
florida man made it in the german news
i don't expect any less from florida man.
florida man killed by most dangerous bird in world.
florida man found guilty of killing wife after son finds body years later
florida man's canadian cousin, newfoundland man, robs grave so he can boil bones and drink the water
florida man killed by own pet bird
massive bird kills florida man
florida man was killed by a large, flightless cassowary that's built a reputation as the 'world's most dangerous bird
shirtless florida man, 32, is arrested outside an olive garden while shoving spaghetti into his mouth after harassing customers
rare bird attacks and kills florida man
rare bird, attacks and kills florida man
florida man attacked and killed by large, flightless bird
cassowary attacks and kills florida man
florida man threatens to destroy town with an army of turtles
florida man arrested after eating handfuls of pasta shirtless in olive garden
a cassowary, a rare emu-like bird, attacks and kills florida man, officials say
florida man couple changed infants diet to vegan and child nearly died.
florida man drives jet ski on highway.
florida man and woman gamers may find this funny.
this is fake news. u cannot kill florida man.
congrats april 14, you guys won the florida man challenge.
here's a fresh florida man story
florida man wrecks liquor store, blames it on caterpillar
florida man gives an alligator a cigarette
florida man and woman shares vows in 'redneck mud park' wedding
florida man reportedly attacked mother for refusing to dress his mannequin
florida man yeets beer bottle at clerk because he doesn't like the cigarette price
florida man caught eating dog poop on security camera
florida man arrested outside olive garden after eating pasta belligerently
florida man paid to take college entry exams pleads guilty
florida man arrested for eating spaghetti with bare hands in back
florida man threatens to unleash turtle army on his foes
florida man makes a gun and shoots the ground
florida man punches bicyclist that cuts him off
florida man paints with blood on town hall and flag
we're getting a game about florida man
we're getting a card game about florida man
florida man raises reptilian army!!
florida man wanted to rob store, used spiderman s suit
florida man keeps cassowary (killer aussie bird) at home... and it kills him
florida man named ralph waldo emerson wanted for attempted murder
florida man killed by pet large flightless bird
florida man who never played fallout new vegas killed by cassowary
large flightless bird in captivity kills florida man in  horrible  accident!
florida man obeys law, stays out of trouble (ongoing investigation)
florida man wanted to buy $7 cigarettes for $3. then the beer flew, video shows
florida man obeys law, stays out of trouble
came across this and had to share. there's a pretty great florida man song!
florida man obeys law, stays out of trouble (satire)
florida man, 75, and off to prison for a tire-slashing spree in key west
florida man wrestles his principal
drunk florida man arrested at olive garden after eating spaghetti with his hands
florida man hacks into western union computers and steals $32k
florida man teen arrested for trying to rko his high school principal
florida man angry over cost of cigarettes hits clerk with beer
florida man successfully receives penis transplant from horse
florida man drunk and in diapers shouted profanities and demanded candy while trick or treating.
florida man... well... just read it
florida man threatens to release army of turtles upon arrest
florida man sets car on fire, asks retired cop for a ride away from the scene
top 10 "florida man arrested" stories
florida man urges us military intervention in venezuela
florida man goes on high speed chase with volusia county sheriffs office dies in the process.
florida man used government funds to pay prostitutes while working as a director for the national laboratory of the international space station
ex-mayor florida man who faces attempted murder charges smoked crack nightly for years, court records say
florida man arrested after threatening to 'destroy everyone' with his army of turtles
florida man arrested after threatening to shoot up uf in a rap he posted on facebook
florida man hospitalized after sticking penis in beehive
florida man buys $8 million dollar island and is arrested for stealing household items from kmart
florida man accused of killing chihuahua with tile scraper
florida man burns hockey jersey after team loses first game of playoffs
florida man ain t got nothing on florida woman
florida man threatens to release army of turtles upon arrest
florida man arrested after walking into hospital naked
florida man caught abusing young alligator, putting cigarette in its mouth
florida man card game on kickstarter
days after buying $8 million private island, florida man busted for stealing $300 in merchandise from kmart.
florida man gets arrested 15 minutes after leaving jail
florida man threatens high school after florida boy falsely accuses student of being an illegal immigrant
florida man threatens high school after florida boy is falsely accuses fellow classmate of being an illegal immigrant
florida man bank robber caught after trying to catch a flight to 'anywhere'
drunk jesus look-alike florida man arrested while eating spaghetti with his hands
florida man threatened to destroy town with army of turtles.
florida man charged with animal abuse after filming himself placing cigarette in gator's mouth
florida man is arrested outside of olive garden for eating spaghetti with his bare hands
florida man arrested after dining on spaghetti with his bare hands
florida man drunk at olive garden, arrested while eating spaghetti with his hands
florida man and former mayor 'smoked crack cocaine nightly, snorted and ate meth and sent out runners to buy his drugs' from his home while in office
florida man buys island before being arrested for shoplifting.
florida man shoots pregnant ex and she later gives birth.
florida man arrested outside of olive garden while eating spaghetti with his bare hands.
florida man is on vacation.
florida man calling himself 'the saint' threatened to unleash his army of turtles to destroy town
florida man arrested outside olive garden while eating spaghetti with bare hands
florida man (mayor) shot at swat, reportedly did crack, meth
flordia man, gets arrested for eating spaghetti with his bare hands outside of olive garden.
florida man arrested for eating spaghetti outside of olive garden with his bare hands.
florida man was run over by his own pickup truck after his dog put it into gear
florida man arrested whil eating olive garden spaghetti bare handed
florida man accused of attacking mom when she wouldn t dress his mannequin
florida man arrested for trying to rko his teacher outta nowhere
florida man tried to to a good deed
you won't believe what this florida man did!
florida man arrested for trying to drop his principal in the rko
florida man leaving prison immediately arrested again in cold case murder. (look at his mug shot!)
florida man stabs father and hits mother with mug because his pork chop was  too acidic 
florida man fakes robbery to avoid working at hardee's
drunk, shirtless florida man arrested after shoveling spaghetti in his mouth at olive garden
florida man finds mother s body in backyard while renovating childhood home
florida man arrested for breaking in to cars parked in lot of prison he was just released from
canada* florida man named as suspect in city of ottawa fraud case faces trial in u.s. email scam
florida man accused of beating dog to death with shovel; two families now grieving
florida man threatens to destroy town with army of turtles
florida man emails co-workers letting them know he plans to turn their office into a bloodbath. surprisingly, some people had a problem with this
florida man politician kicked out of seafood festival for being  drunk and starting problems,  say police
florida man caught with video of himself hitting an alligator with a baseball bat, pointing a gun at it and putting a cigarette in its mouth
florida man arrested for shoplifting after buying an island for 8 million
while in prison for first-degree murder, florida man puts his time to good use: by convincing a multi-millionaire crossfit founder to marry him without a pre-nup.
florida man defrauds canadian city
florida man threatening destruction from turtle army arrested
florida man driving with pants down tells cops he was merely 'working out'
ohio women always giving florida man a run for his money
florida man, 61, threatens to destroy a town with his 'army of turtles'
florida man unearthed body at his childhood home. it was his mom.
florida man, in final basketball game, crashes into famous fans and spills their drinks
florida man threatens to destroy a town with his army of turtles.
florida man catches wife with boyfriend
florida man threatens to destroy people with  turtle army' at indialantic stores, police say.
florida man gets sued for making a critique youtube video about a craigslist ad.
florida man: south florida edition
paranoid florida man stabs father, his mother with mug over acidic pork chop
florida man arrested for masturbating on plane, blames tabasco sauce.
florida man named jon snow says life has changed since 'game of thrones'
florida man accused of shoplifting light bulbs days after buying $8m private island
florida man attempts to murder parents believing they were trying to poison him with a pork chop
florida man uber driver dropped off passengers at airport, returns to home to rob them, then robs neighbor's house.
425lb school i.t florida man arranges for sexual acts with minor.
florida man says 3 syringes found in his butt aren't his
florida man accused of smoking weed in police academy parking lot
florida man is worlds best foosball player
young alligator beaten, given cigarettes on video; florida man arrested
florida man buys $8 million island off key west then steals from kmart: cops
florida man pulls boxcutter on good samaritan, who shoots him
have you seen the nsfw newscast dedicated to weekly florida man stories?
florida man kills good samaritan paying for others  meals in a waffle house because he did not include his acquaintance in the generosity
my florida man challenge: florida man threatens to cut child s head off with a sword
florida man arrested for abusing young alligator
florida man buys island and then steals from kmart
florida man found asleep in taylor swifts bed charged with stalking.https://newyork.cbslocal.com/2018/04/20/florida-man-charged-with-stalking-taylor-swift/
florida man asks for left nut license plate, gets rejected by dmv 400 times
florida man shot a waffle house good samaritan to death paying for meals, handing out $20 bills
florida man 'shoplifts' after buying $8m island
florida man stabs krispy kreme co-worker s boyfriend after fight over how to make donuts, police say
florida man fatally shoots good samaritan that was handing out $20 bill at waffle house.
florida man accused of shoplifting after buying $8m island.
florida man accused of killing chihuahua over "magnetic force"
florida man freaks out during threesome, throws multiple tvs at his wife.
florida man fatally shoots good samaritan that was handing out $20 bills at waffle house.
florida man arrested for murder while walking out of prison.
florida man breaks into village hall, causes $500,000 in damages, smears blood on american flag
florida man used tile scraper to kill 8-pound chihuahua during domestic dispute, deputies say
florida man brutually attacks parents over pork chop.
florida man rich enough to buy private island busted for shoplifting
florida man walking out of prison immediately arrested again for murder
florida man challenge: search florida man with ur birthday: florida man convinced cops to have 3 ways instead of giving him a ticket.
florida man shoots and kills good samaritan who was paying for meals and handing out $20 bills
florida man shot dead after paying for other customers meals at waffle house.
take the man out of florida but you cannot take the florida out of the man
goddammit florida man
florida man threatens to destroy everyone with army of turtles.
florida man breaks into cars minutes after being released from jail.
florida man recorded himself having sex with his dog
florida man stabbed his father, hit mother with mug because his pork chop was 'too acidic
florida man threatens to  destroy everyone with an army of turtles 
florida man abuses alligator, outs cigarette in it's mouth.
florida man threatened public with alleged  turtle army 
florida man caught on video abusing alligator
florida man buys 8 million dollar island, then steals from kmart.
florida man arrested for burglarizing cars at jail just after release
florida man caught shoplifting lightbulbs after buying $8m island
florida man fatally shot at restaurant after argument
florida man follows directions of gps onto train tracks. gets rear-ended by the train
florida man posed as doctor said he can cure diabetes and other diseases by injecting patients with their own blood
florida man shattered toilet after firing gun indoors
florida man arrested for burglary minutes after leaving jail
florida man walking out of prison instantly gets arrested again for murder
florida man pedestrian shot by a bystander right after being struck by hit-and-run driver in largo.
florida man receives $980,000 tax return on reported $18,500 income
florida man gets hit by car, then shot by bystander
florida man was rejected nearly 400 times by the dmv after trying to get phrases like got milf, f u livr and left nut printed on license plates.
florida man convinces two female police officers to have a threesome instead of giving him a ticket
my florida man(june 4th) was caught dancing on top of a police cruiser, says he was threatened by vampires
technically florida man
florida man arrested for burglarizing cars in the parking lot outside of the jail he was just released from
florida man arrested in cold case conviction on the day he left federal custody for an unrelated assault on law enforcement
florida man bought an $8 million island. the next week he was stealing from kmart
florida man buys $8m island, then gets arrested for scamming k-mart by returning a coffeemaker box with a basketball inside
florida man arrested for burglarizing cars in jail parking lot moments after being released
florida man (parody of ocean man by ween)
florida man arrested for cold case murder while walking out of prison
florida man punches public defender in the head in court, knocking her to the ground.
florida man is coming...
florida man knocked off scooter by bed of illinois man s pickup, suspect corralled by motorists into burger king parking lot
florida man arrested for burglarizing cars at jail parking lot just moments after release
florida man poses as harvard psychiatrist, hands out clonazepam he stole dating pharmacist on match.com
florida man arrested for throwing water on local woman
https://twitter.com/i/events/1114611177919668224
florida man steals church
florida man arrested for burglary minutes after getting out of jail
florida man strikes again!!
this live pd segment is the epitome of florida man. (6:11)
florida man arrested minutes after being released from prison
florida man arrested again minutes after quitting prison
florida man stabs krispy kreme co-worker s boyfriend after fight over how to make donuts.
florida man stabs krispy kreme worker boyfriend after fight over how to make donuts
florida man stabs krispy kreme worker in fight over how to make donuts
florida man arrested outside jail after just being released
florida man steals entire church
florida man stabs a co-worker s boyfriend over a fight they had about how to make donuts
florida man goes for the high score, gets arrested in parking lot breaking into cars just minutes after he was released from jail
florida man caught in 18 year old $1.3 billion healthcare fraud
florida woman throws can of soup to stop man from stealing car with baby inside
florida man gets back into jail 15 minutes after being released
florida man gets out of jail, goes right back.
florida man found guilty in $1.3 billion health fraud scheme
florida man builds she'd with garbage on strangers property while wearing a thong.
florida man insurance companies now offer coverage for alien abduction.
florida man gets released from jail; immediately steals from car in prison parking lot
florida man back at it again.
florida man who learned cpr from "the office" saves womans life.
florida man uses cpr he learned on "the office" to save woman.
florida man steals car from jail parking lot immediately after being released from said jail
minutes after being released from jail, a florida man was arrested in the parking lot for breaking into cars 
florida man in a bull onesie attempted to burn ex's home with spaghetti sauce (from last year, but on birthday)
florida man arrested for killing his parents and brother also accused of stealing $210k to give to woman on porn site
thong-wearing florida man arrested while building shed with garbage on stranger s property
florida man is a go-getter!
florida man charged with having sex with dog after lost phone handed in to restaurant
florida man in 1948.
florida man turned into 15-foot tall penguin in the night
florida man: 1948
florida man on my birthday  july 23rd
florida man arrested after building a garbage shed on strangers property while wearing a thong
florida man accused of putting semen in coworker's water (july 2nd my bday)
florida man attacked by a squirrel
florida man can t wait 5 minutes before committing another crime.
florida man dies after trying to remove pet pigeon from power line with  20-foot aluminum pole 
florida man accused of throwing pancake batter at woman arrested
florida man pretends to be a giant penguins
florida man getting drunk with a gator.
florida man arrested in jail parking lot after trying to break into cars
florida man, mayor of ocala, draws scrutiny after proposing 'confederate memorial day'
florida man arrested 15 minutes after being released from prison.
florida man charged with burglary minutes after being released from jail
florida man released from jail walks 20ft before committing crime - steals from cars in parking lot
florida man is arrested for breaking into cars in the parking lot of the jail he was just bailed out of.
florida man steals jeep than drives back to scene asking for his missing cell phone and is arrested.
florida man puts electronic transmitter on horny male python, tracks it to the location of a 17-foot long female python and captures the biggest snake ever found in the everglades.
florida man arrested minutes after released from jail
florida man arrested for burglary in jail parking lot minutes after leaving jail
florida woman, companion of florida man steals beer from innocent snake!
florida man hits a new low...
florida man who scammed porsche buyers of $2.5 million arrested
florida man drunk in target, steals m&amp;ms
ween- florida man
florida man tied a gun to a weather balloon to fake his own murder, police say. is this the end of the incredible florida man?!?!? find out next time on r/floridaman
florida man found not guilty after girlftiendchokes on his manhood and dies
florida man accused by anonymous to be part of kkk declares national confederate day
florida man found not guilty do murder after girlfriend chokes during blowjob
florida man burglarizes cars at the county jail because who will ever notice?
florida man impersonates officer, attempts to cite woman on fake charges as 'april fools' joke
florida man dressed as an oompa loompa is under arrest for harassing terminally ill patients with songs
florida man poses as cop for youtube prank, gets arrested by real cops
florida man convicted in $1b medicare fraud case
florida man on my birthday (dec 1st): florida man offered to pay officer with hamburger for oral sex, police say
the end of florida man
florida man on my birthday" post: february 18th - florida man claims to be an agent of god
florida squirrel caught on tape attacking florida man
donald trump has a house in florida, so technically the president of the us is a florida man.
florida man falls asleep on stranger's porch with shotgun
lol ~ florida committee on trauma has embraced the meme and made an academic  florida man  case study completion. basically a contest of weird trauma cases in which our florida man somehow survived????
florida man gets his own fcot contest, doctors show off their best case reports of florida man surviving the impossible
on my birthday florida man bit his brothers penis off cause he caught his brother having sex with his cousin an his favourite dragon ball z blanket... i couldnt make this up even if i tried
florida man dresses gators in costumes to educate and entertain.
on may 26th 2018, florida man attack his mom with spaghetti, claiming there were demons in his head.
saw someone post about a florida man on their birthday. here's mine! dec 30 2018
florida man dances through dui sobriety test
florida man arrested after strangers find him asleep on porch with loaded shotgun
florida man convicted of 1.3 billion dollar fraud
tallahassee, florida man arrested for attempted murder of parents
my florida man
florida man tries to keep his legless, fugitive girlfriend from being arrested; cops see him hiding her in a storage bin through the window
florida man in arkansas?
florida man tries to prevent legless, fugitive girlfriend from being arrested; cops see him hiding her in a storage bin through his window
behind florida man: why he's so weird
florida man steals an entire church
florida man who jumped onto pelican is jailed
a florida man stole a car but left phone behind, cops say. so he drove to his own arrest.
florida man arrested after mistaking bank for taco bell
florida man [holding fake ids, meth and weed] steals and crashes rental car at tampa airport. chased by police, runs over officer, slams into patrol car.
florida man has face slammed into cement then into crotch
florida man knocks out woman with propane tank after she accused him of cheating, police say.
florida man firefighter arrested for trying to hire a prostitute -- while in uniform
florida man offers alien abduction insurance, has sold about 6,000 policies
florida man and associate travel to arkansas, and are arrested for taking turns shooting each other while wearing bulletproof vest after drinking.
florida man gets stung by 100 bees trying to save his dog
florida man accused of performing sex acts on dog
florida man is released from jail on an auto theft charge. he immediately breaks into another car in the jail s parking lot and is taken back to jail.
florida man slices arm of man who denied him use of squeegee
as florida man as florida man comes. my local bar also.
florida man fishes for his dinner in the sewer! (x-post from /r/holdmybeer)
florida man used machete to kill wife, child, police say
florida man receives dui after 5 bottles of fireball found in golf cart
florida man archangel michael tries to rain fire down upon 16 vehicles
florida man nominee for surgeon general repeatedly told colleagues while he was a university professor that 'if we can t agree on this we ll have to get naked in a hot tub and work it out.'
caught on camera: florida man licks doorbell continuously
florida man charged after pretending to drown and flinging jellyfish on beach-goers.
florida man says pipe bombs weren't meant to hurt anybody
florida man throws the most florida man wedding, complete with mud wrestling and revving pickups
florida man says pipe bombs weren't meant to hurt anybody
florida man on the chase after stealing rental car
florida man fucking kills his wife and daughter
the joker florida: man with green hair arrested again
florida man that looks like joker aressted again.
florida man arrested for impersonating nickelback drummer
florida man mayor who is *definitely not* in the kkk proclaims confederate memorial day in the city of ocala
the sad side of florida man
florida man says pipe bombs weren't meant to hurt trump critics
florida man arrested for stabbing family dog during argument
florida man charged with stealing $75,000 worth of soup
florida man was high on adult themed nitrous oxide
florida man was high on adult-themed nitrous oxide
florida man kills two people and eats one of their faces believing he is half dog
florida man knocks out woman with propane tank after she accused him of cheating, police say
florida man brings a machete to a squeegee fight
a florida man allegedly drove a stolen jeep back to the scene of his crime recently to ask if anybody found his missing cellphone
florida man pleads guilty to posting videos of himself sexually abusing 1-year-old daughter on dark web
florida man arrested for drugs, police find claymore mine in home.
r/subredditsimulator makes a very convincing florida man post
florida man stabs family dog "marley" after heated argument with his dad
police: argument over squeegee turns into razor blade attack by florida man
florida man stabs family dog after argument with father
florida man steals entire church in cooper city
florida man steals a alligator from zoo says god told him to save the animals.
florida man, 32, fakes robbery to get out of going into work
florida man pulled from lake eola by ofd diver after deciding to go for a swim
florida man- product of the sunshine law
why is 'florida man' a thing, when 'pennsylvania man' (or iowa man or ohio man) isn't?
florida man accused of attacking mom when she wouldn't dress his mannequin
florida man and florida woman: ranking the 99 most insane things that happened in florida in the past 10 years
florida woman and florida man: ranking the 99 most insane things that happened in florida in the past 19 years
florida man names a machete "kindness" so he can "kill em with kindness"
july 8 - florida man gets jail time for attacking minions mascot
florida man ... florida republicans ...
facebook is the florida man of the internet
florida man tries to trade weed for mcdonalds
florida man calls 911 with elaborate story of robbery to get out of work day at hardees
florida man stabs man over the best way to make krispy kreme donuts.
florida man stabs man over best way to make krispy kreme donuts
florida man accused of being a fake doctor
florida man claims he has  tight butthole  during dui arrest
florida man was high on adult-themed nitrous oxide during deadly crash
florida man kills woman, invites neighbors to his home to show off dead body, police say
florida man who bit face believed he was 'half-man, half-dog'
a florida man was the screaming man in the publix parking lot punching cars, he was naked
florida man nabbed after fleeing stop, swimming across canal, deputies say
florida man accused of killing two, eating man s face, believed he was  half-dog, half-man,  doctor says
florida man believed he was  half-man, half-dog'
florida man overdoses while watching kids, drops one-year-old
before peeing on himself, florida man strangled his ex and punched her puppy.
florida man accused of killing two, eating man s face, believed he was  half-dog, half-man,  doctor says | fuckin' furries man...
florida man arrested for kicking swans at lake eola while practicing karate
florida man: the movie
florida man unveils jellyfish petting tank, says it will 'inspire guests to care about every animal in the ocean'
florida man renews vows by mud wrestling
florida man tries to work off rape charge
florida man shoots pet zebra
florida man festival dubbed #fyrefestival2 amid complete transportation meltdown
florida man has sex with mini pony, uses condom.
florida man inmates backup the toilets to talk to the female inmates through the pipes
pick your fighter: florida man or florida frat boy
florida man faked robbery so he wouldn t have to work at hardee s
the original florida man documentary.
florida man iii:rise of the furries
florida man saves rock n roll
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing chicago tourist
florida man arrested after his own surveillance cameras recorded him dealing drugs
florida man shocked to find everything is not flat in florida
florida man who raped neighbor, then offered to do her yard work gets 50-year sentence
florida man with celbrity name fights fish
doctor: florida man believed he was  half-man, half-dog  in fatal attack
villanous video game mastermind, liquid snake, challeges florida man!
florida man calls cops after people he paid for sex don't show
florida man rapes alligator
florida man stabs krispy kreme co-worker's boyfriend after fight over how to make donuts, police say
bugs bunny vs. florida man
florida man raises $100,000 to torment sandy hook families
florida man raises money to torment sandy hook families
florida man shot a family member after a dispute over him driving drunk with his kids in the car, jacksonville sheriff's office said. https://t.co/l3dcjtdo3n
florida man walks away with $17,000 diamond engagement ring after convincing store clerk to let him see it outside under "natural light"
florida man raped neighbor, offered to do yardwork as an apology
florida man becomes a werewolf demigod
florida man believed himself to be "half-man, half-dog" which caused him to bite the faces of his victims. hmm, florida man, yeah sounds legit.
florida man accused of killing two, eating man s face, believed he was  half-dog, half-man,  doctor says
florida man: thong-wearing garbage artist jailed in martin county
florida man stops street fight by running everyone over.
florida man fakes bank robbery to get out of going to work
florida man who committed a crime in 1998 just got caught because he applied for a job.
florida man shoots pet zebra after it was injured escaping.
florida man fakes bank robbery to get out of going to work
florida man with no arms accused of stabbing tourist
florida man with no arms accused of stabbing a tourist
florida man, described by "atlanta"
florida man repeatedly stabbed krispy kreme colleague's boyfriend after argument over how she made donuts
florida man take a nice post-assault piss
florida man faked robbery to get out of work
florida man claims to be  half man, half dog , fatally attacks couple and bites their faces
florida man kills pet zebra
florida man runs for president
florida man has an opponent
florida college student believed he was 'half-dog, half-man' when he ate victim's face
florida man shoots k9 dog in the leg, shoots an officer and then kills himself
florida man fakes robbery to get out of work
florida man found biting faces during fatal attack.
doctor: florida man believed he was 'half-man, half-dog'
florida man charged in naked rake attack
florida man arrested after hitting girlfriend in face with burrito
deputies: florida man faked robbery to get out of work
florida man rapes neighbor, offers to do yardwork as restitution
florida man tries to get out of work by faking being robbed.
florida man in face-eating attack believed he was 'half-man, half-dog,' doctor says
florida man attempts to skip work by faking being robbed.
florida man arrested after putting a  spy camera  in family friend s home
florida man will do what it takes to get out of work
arrest warrant issued for florida man charged with punching gay utahn. he failed to show up for court date.
how alex jones and infowars helped florida man stalk sandy hook families
florida man sucker punches public defender in court
florida man was high on erotic-themed nitrous oxide when he killed lawyer, cops say
rhode island man expected to appear in florida to warn kids about recent toad immigration
my birthday florida man story
florida man seen on video punching public defender at court hearing
florida man (store manager) calls police on dod employee after he said, he s not serving but working as contractor for the military (and therefore wears the uniform)
florida man attacks mother who refused to dress his mannequin
florida man wears thong while making art from garbage
florida man calls 911 making a false report of a robbery to get out of his fast food shift at hardees. cops say. it worked. sort of.
florida man: mayor wayne messam announces 2020 presidential bid
florida man gets prison time for pointing laser at police helicopter
florida man gets arrested for burning a pile of weed leaves in his yard
before peeing on himself, florida man strangled his ex and punched her puppy, cops say
florida man: woman s naked stroll through i-95 traffic is  epic moment in florida history 
florida man accused of breaking into alligator farm is attacked by crocodile, leaves croc shoe behind
florida man was high on erotic-themed nitrous oxide when he killed lawyer, police say
florida man tells bartender he s wwe s the undertaker and tries to tombstone the bouncer
florida man forgets he has a loaded ak-47 in his pants, goes to a middle school
i did the florida man challenge annndd... florida man sends 13 pipe bombs to trump critics
florida man fills out job application, gets arrested for 1998 murder!
2 poem a friend wrote for florida man
are there general categories that most instances of florida man or florida woman fall into? if so, what are they?
florida man steals ambulance after being released from hospital
florida man steals ambulance after being released from hospital
florida man draws penises on flight radar
florida man flips off judge after allegedly trying to set 16 vehicles on fire because generals won't "surrender"
florida man flips off judge after allegedly trying to set 16 vehicles on fire because generals won't "surrender" to god's kingdom
florida man has found his eternal rival
florida man arrested after attacking his mother for refusing to dress his mannequin
armed florida man gets his ass kicked by college kids on spring break during attempted robbery
armed florida man gets his ass kicked by spring breakers during attempted gas station robbery
found this in the wild: florida man burns pile of weed in his yard
til my florida man birthday.
florida man raped neighbor then offered to do her yardwork
florida (wo)man leaves 6 year old grandson home alone to go drinking, propositions officer on the way to jail.
florida man rapes neighbor and offer to do yard work to clean it up.
florida man raped neighbor, offered to make up for it by doing yard work
this might not be the right place for this request but can someone put a florida man news report for february 29 i'm making a calender for next year but it's a leap year. the calender is going to have a headline for each day
florida man uses dumplings to attack mother who refused to dress his mannequin
florida man artistic painting taken down after people complained it was 'satanic'
actual headline: "florida man slugs public defender during court hearing" with video!
florida man slugs public defender during court hearing
so florida man did some kinky stuff on my birthday...
florida man fakes robbery to get out of work
florida man killed after using metal pole to get pigeon off power line
florida man allegedly faked armed robbery to get out of going to work
florida man sentenced after raping neighbor, offering yard work to make up for attack
florida man tried to shoot puppy but the tides turned.
florida man tries to shoot puppy but the puppy shoots first.
florida man shot after refusing shot
florida man calling himself 'michael the archangel' tries to blow up more than a dozen military vehicles because 'the generals won t surrender to the kingdom of god. 
florida man said he stalked family to  make friends,  deputies say
florida man says screw you hookers!
florida man feb. 29
for the first time a florida man didn t do dumb shit
florida man tries to sneak rpg launcher into airport
florida man loved that chicken from popeyes, hated price, shot employee (april 27th)
florida man arrested after a facebook video shows him dragging a cat from his motorized scooter.
florida man challenge (is this how i format it?)
florida man calls police after he paid for sex, got scammed instead
florida man burns piles of marijuana
florida man tells cops the 'fake urine' he's carrying around is not for his work drug test. instead, it's for 'role play' activities he and his wife enjoy.
judge says florida man can no longer order pizza
florida man converts cement mixer into giant cocktail shaker
homeless florida man calls cops after people he paid for sex don't show
florida man arrested after using his wanted poster as a facebook profile pic
florida homeless man calls cops to report he paid for sex -- but got scammed, police say
florida man pays a prostitute and turns himself in
florida man sets self on fire trying to burn cross
florida woman arrested for repeatedly calling 911 to complain her florida man boyfriend "wasn't being nice to her"
florida man rescued after attempting to ride an inflatable hamster ball to the bahamas
florida man caught having sex with alligator he kept tied up in his backyard
naked florida man revealed on video sneaking into restaurant and munching on ramen
florida man shot roommate after argument over missing garbage can
florida man offers yard work to make up for rape
i got curious about why florida man is a thing. turns out, it's because of a couple of laws that make florida's government one of the most transparent in the us.
homeless florida man calls cops after people he paid for sex don't show
florida man arrested for assaulting his mother after she refused to dress his mannequin
50-year sentence for florida man who raped neighbor, then offered yard work
homeless florida man calls cops after people he paid for sex don t show
florida man calls the cops after being scammed over paid sex.
4/29 florida man rapes woman, then texts sorry.
florida man says maga hat got him kicked out of popular tiki bar w/ 'no hats' policy
florida man rescued after trying to reach bermuda triangle in an inflatable hamster ball.
florida man tries to commit a robbery, gets his ass kicked by a bunch of skinny spring breakers
florida man attacks his 73-year-old mother after she refuses to dress his mannequin
florida man makes love to walmart teddy bear. a few years old, but a story destined to repeat itself in time.
florida man posts video of him dragging his cat behind his motorized scooter for several blocks. https://apple.news/abswltgw3t9sccfb_v7f53w
florida man calls 911, claims he paid for sex but got scammed: police
florida man caught dragging cat behind his motorized scooter.
florida man shoves dumplings in..
florida man raped his neighbor then offered to do yard work to make up for it
florida man arrested after using his wanted poster as his facebook picture.
florida man robs gas station wearing drawn-on goatee.
florida man eats pancakes while obstructing traffic
florida man no match for the indiana cousins
florida man no match for the indiana cousins
florida man - ugly and homeless man calls cops to report he paid for sex -- but got scammed, police say -
florida man tries to rescue pet pigeon from power line with a metal pole
naked florida man causes fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill
florida man and florida woman arrested after they forgot they left one of their seven kids alone in a park.
florida man picks up airport baggage while naked
my florida man birthday challenge result:
florida man challenge. florida man arrested after threatening to kidnap lana del rey at orlando concert
florida man goes to jail for stopping child molestation...
florida man gets caught masturbating in florida wal*mart.
armed man in florida restaurant yelled "get out of my country," police say- may 24th
florida man smears feces on food at family dollar store
florida man: armed man in florida restaurant yelled "get out of my country," police say- may 24th
florida man charged with sexual battery on underage girl he allegedly lured after claiming to be 'instagram famous'
florida man fakes his own murder.
florida man kisses venomous snake and is immediately bitten on the lips. (april 24)
florida man, drunk and naked, allegedly set house on fire in failed cookie baking attempt (september 7th)
florida man gets own baseball theme night
florida man: police: a florida man thought a neighbor stole his lawn mower, so he set his corvette on fire
florida man fatally shocked by trying to remove pigeon from power line with aluminum pole
florida man shoots cousin over sunglasses
florida man electrocuted while trying to remove pigeon from power line
florida man accused of groping woman on flight tells authorities 'the president says it's ok'
oct 1) florida man accused of shooting cat with crossbow
florida man who dropped daughter off bridge claims insanity
naked florida man starts house fire after trying to bake cookies on a barbecue. sep.19 my birthday
florida man trew his 5 year old daughter to her death
florida man pretending to be 'instagram famous' lured a teen from texas and allegedly raped her
florida man killed after using metal pole to get pigeon off power line, deputies say.
florida man feeds alligators hot dogs. (july 24)
florida man attacked by squirrel
florida man used instagram to lure teen across state lines and assault her, police say
may 18: florida man caught walking around naked carrying a bottle of cooking oil.
kill  em with kindness : florida man stabs neighbor with machete named  kindness , say police
man, 85, attacked by alligator at florida retirement community
florida (wo)man disarms burglar while feeding cats
april 18th florida man is a monster!
april 30th: florida man high on meth jumps on strangers' cars, surfs them
https://6abc.com/florida-man-shot-and-killed-over-parking-space/3799234/
my florida man challenge
august 28th: half-naked florida man walks goat in the rain
florida man gets shot in the buttocks over a political argument august 8th 2018
february 15th: florida man claiming people were "eating his brains" leads police on insane golf course chase
december 21st : florida man breaks into a verizon store and steals $300k+ worth of electronics
a florida man pleaded guilty to sending pipe bombs to cnn and prominent critics of president donald trump
december 28 - florida man shot twice after daring brother to shoot him
florida man october 31st
florida man killed by alligator when fleeing deputies
october 17 - florida man who plotted to bomb target stores gets 40 years
june 14th) florida man shoots self in head to see if round is in the chamber
half-nude florida man wearing underwear marked "breathalyzer, blow here" arrested for dui
florida man tries to challenge a tornado
i looked up florida man plus my birthday and got florida man goes on beer run with live 5 foot alligator under his arm.
december 3: florida man attacked by alligator in retirement community
july 16) florida man faked his murder using a gun and a weather balloon
nude florida man burns himself while dancing in flames, chanting 'gibberish' - june 22
florida man stabbed with swordfish in fight
septmeber 22) florida man rides manatee, dares police to arrest him, gets arrested
september 25th https://www.local10.com/news/weird-news/florida-man-tries-to-start-naked-fight-club-at-chick-fil-a
january 2nd) florida man attacks macdonalds employee for not getting a straw with his meal
florida man steals ambulance from hospital
florida man really just wanted a kiss (april 24)
florida man cited after unlicensed, unauthorized lemur bites woman
florida man steals hot air balloon from indiana during florida man challenge
july 19 florida man disguises as a woman to trick men into having sex. secretly films it and uses it for an adult site
florida man steals $33,000 of rare coins, redeems at coinstar for 30 dollars
florida man challenge: deer gets trapped in florida man's bathroom
florida man throws dildo on field during patriots-bills game. 10/29
deputies: florida keys man steals flag, then exposes himself
florida man september 25th
march 20 - florida man attacked by a  crazy squirrel  gone nuts. and it was raised by a neighbor
not anything funny, i found the law that makes florida man a thing.
florida man flops at imitating a cop making a traffic stop, sheriff s office says
there are two things a florida man can find in a sewer: gators and crackheads
two things a florida man may find in his local sewer: gators or crackheads
sep. 12 - florida man shoots cousin to test bulletproof vest
arizona man originally from florida
florida man or fiction?
florida man wanted a woman s egg rolls so badly it landed him in jail, police say
florida man accidentally shoots his own arm, notices two days later - may 10th
florida man celebrates earth day by kissing a snake
my result for florida man challenge: florida man attacked by crazy squirrel raised by neighbor
my florida man birthday: florida man suspected of smelling woman's feet at library leads police on scooter chase
florida man arrested for having sex with miniature horse on multiple occasions deputies say
florida man challenge - april 22 - florida man slapped with big mouth billy bass singing fish after argument
my 'florida man' challenge
florida man birthday challenge:  police find  mother of satan  explosive in florida man s home  he claimed  he was making his own version of firework  police say
florida man falls off bridge while eating the face of another man.
brave florida man serves up hot dog lunch for alligators straight from his mouth
my florida man birthday takes the cake:
florida man after hitting his girlfriend in the face with burrito.
my florida man story
florida man googles self to find out which florida man he is
florida man challenge. february 7th; missing florida man says he wants to heal, kill people
florida man gets arrested for trying to 'steal' marijuana after 100 pounds of drug washes ashore on florida beaches.
my florida man birthday: florida man arrested for attempted striptease at a restaurant
april 7 - 71 year-old florida man masturbates in a pizza hut
florida man says the three syringes found in his rectum weren't his
florida man used 'fortnite' to target teen for sex, and there could be 20 more victims
my florida man birthday: florida man kills family friend for  trying to pick up  his imaginary girlfriend
october 1st: florida man accused of shooting his neighbors cat with a crossbow:(
my birthday florida man: florida man dies in e-cigarette explosion
january 4  florida man hits dad with pizza because he was mad he helped birth him.
my florida man birthday: florida man arrested for killing his parents and brother also accused of stealing $210k to give to woman on porn site.
not as fun as some others, but this was my birthday florida man!
my florida man birthday: florida man accused of shooting at home after woman leaves negative restaurant review
florida man birthday: florida man headbutts alligator
florida man survives fight with crocodile, promptly falls asleep.
my belated florida man b-day post: florida man killed pregnant stepmom, called 911 from a cemetery
florida man googles self to find out which florida man he is
florida man googles self to find out which florida man he is
florida man august 13
my florida man birthday result: florida man shoots facebook friend in the ass after political argument
authorities: gamer overheard florida man raping 15-year-old girl while playing grand theft auto
florida man tries to play the stock market on my birthday.
my florida man birthday: drunk and high naked florida man started house fire while attempting to bake cookies on george foreman grill
my birthday (jan 11th). florida man discovers his weakness
apt for birthday may 21 - florida man climbs atop playground equipment at clearwater park, tells kids where babies come from
florida man - april 30th
florida man on bath salts head-butts vehicle, attacks fire official
did the florida man challenge, got a terrible result.
florida man arrested by police after demanding cash and donuts from krispy kreme (august 26)
til a florida man told his neighbours that he is going to kill them with kindness then tried to kill them with a machete named kindness.
florida man released from jail enjoys exactly 6 hours 9 minutes of freedom before returning to the same jail he was released from
may 21- florida man caught searching for threatened gopher tortoises to eat.
florida man allegedly pretended to be "instagram famous" to lure a 17-year-old girl from texas and rape her
florida man white supremacist arrested for kidnapping, drugging, raping black woman
florida man denies syringes found inside rectum are his (january 7th)
april 19- half-nude florida man wearing underwear marked  breathalyzer, blow here  arrested for dui
july 11 - florida man with no arms charged with stabbing man with scissors
florida man blames anime, manga after allegedly molesting child in church closest
florida man plus your birthday search!!
florida man accused of putting semen in co-worker s water
challenge: florida man finds his way to illinois, and two old toilets led to his arrest
florida man who attacked  minions  mascot gets jail time.
florida man dies after popping wheelie on motorcycle, making it difficult for oncoming drivers to see his skyward-pointing headlight
florida man kills himself in tampa crash after popping wheelie on motorcycle
they ll never stop florida man
florida man challenge: city fines florida man 2nd time for violating 2 rabbit limit
florida man country challenge: india
florida man challenge: florida man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for sexually abusing an intellectually disabled woman on a cruise ship. smdh.
florida man birthday challenge: florida man, 33, poses as housewife to lure men j to home where he d secretly film sex acts for web, cops say
birthday challenge thing: florida man throws alligator through drive-thru window
florida man pulls gun at mcdonald's after ice cream machine broken.
florida man who attacked 'minions' mascot gets jail time
florida man birthday challenge: florida man throws burrito at girlfriend's face. would be much worse if it was spicy.
florida man birthday challenge: florida man wielding live gator chases people in convenience store, video shows
birthday: nearly naked florida man bikes down interstate highway, eludes police.
florida man says that his dog shot his girlfriend while she was sleeping, not him
florida man claimed to be surrounded by cats and alligators before being arrested for murder.
handy little florida man birthday challenge calendar [nsfw]
police: florida man found asleep in taylor swift s bed charged with stalking
florida man birthday challenge: florida man sings journey's "don't stop believin" figured in dui arrest
florida man, pi day
florida man pleads guilty to charges of mailing bombs to trump critics
family of south florida man crushed by dumpster seeking justice
a florida man was shot and killed by police. a jury gave his family $4.
drunk florida man wakes up in parking lot, tells cop his name is  f*ck you, *sshole! 
florida man champion, april 19
my florida man birthday result: florida man goes fishing and reels in a brick of marajuana
my florida man birthday result: florida man goes fishing and reels in a brick of weed
florida man, angry over straw, attacks mcdonald s cashier, she fights back
best florida man challenge yet: florida man kills family friend for trying to pick up his imaginary girlfriend
florida man runs over neighbour with tractor, for some reason.
florida man 18th of august
my contribution to the florida man challenge
viral video shows florida woman hosing 'loser' man for fishing in waters she claims to own: 'you're going to jail'
my florida man birthday challenge, this one is nice. florida man wrestles rifle away from burglar
floridamanchallenge: what trouble did florida man get into on your birthday?
florida man donates his 110th gallon on blood after 22 years of giving
floridaman birthday challenge - florida man attached by  crazy squirrel  gone nuts. squirrel raised by neighbor
didn t happen on my birthday but the article was written and published on my birthday. woah there florida man
the original florida man documentary. must watch!
florida man who dismembered father acquitted of murder
82-year-old florida man slashes 88-year-old florida woman's tires with an ice pick for taking his seat at bingo
my florida man birthday result: florida man stopped for third time trying to reach bermuda in a giant bubble
florida man dressed like fred flintstone pulled over in his  footmobile'
what did florida man do on your birthday?
florida man' spotted riding jet ski on florida road... yes, road
florida man birthday challenge: florida man commits murder over imaginary girlfriend
florida man arrested for throwing alligator through drive-thru window
my florida man challenge: florida man threatens to kill someone with  kindness    the name of his machete
florida man shoots facebook friend in the buttocks over political argument.
florida man birthday challenge: florida man thought he stole opioids, got laxatives instead
florida man charged with attacking minion on florida boardwalk
florida man arrested for throwing alligator through drive-thru window
florida man challenge: florida man faces charges for eating pancakes in middle of the road.
my friends and i took the florida man challenge
florida woman beats her florida man for refusing to cuddle in hot weather
florida man kills pregnant stepmother, calls 911 at cemetery to confess, police say
florida man kicked out of funeral after telling alexa to play despacito
florida man abducts scientist to make his dog immortal
florida man rescued after trying to ride giant hamster ball to the bahamas
florida man birthday challenge: shirtless florida man is back to confront hurricane florence with slayer s raining blood
florida man arrested after shoving woman in dispute over egg rolls, police say
my birthday result: florida man finds bright green iguana in toilet, calls 911
according to my birthday florida man, vladimir putin was arrested at publix
florida man(birthday challeng )suspected of murdering couple was caught biting victim's face off | blogs
florida man shoots facebook friend in buttocks after political argument
florida man bakes in the buff
my florida man birthday result: florida man arrested for giving girlfriend 'wet willy'
on my birthday florida man gets naked and bakes cookies on a george foreman grill.... and starts a fire..
on my birthday florida man gets naked and starts a fire after trying to bake cookies on a george foreman grill....
july 2 - florida man sits on gun, shoots himself in penis
my sad realization that my birthday is the one day a year that florida man goes into detox/hibernation
florida man only drank at stoplights. life hack
florida man steals cigarettes and booze while wearing a spiderman mask
florida man birthday challenge
florida man on 27 october
florida man challenge: google results show reptiles, booze, crime
florida man challenge: google your birthday and "florida man" - bloomberg
naked florida man stood in a fire and chanted 'gibberish.'
naked florida man stood in a fire and chanted 'gibberish'. mushrooms did it, cops say.
my florida man birthday results: missing zoo animals found in florida man's apartment
my florida man birthday:
cnn calls "googling 'florida man"' the latest internet fad
my birthday result: florida man kills whole family while chanting "ala acbar"
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing a chicago tourist
is there a subreddit for otherstate man like florida man? is florida really that bad compared to other states?
gas station bike week florida man
what did you do as a florida man?
google florida man followef by your birthday
minor league florida man night
google 'florida man' followed by your birthday: what's your story?
was not disapointed by my results for the florida man challenge- type in "florida man" and your birthdate.
was not disappointed by my results for the florida man challenge- type in "florida man" and your birthdate.
my result for the florida man challenge: armless florida man charged after allegedly using feet to stab tourist with scissors
florida man in undies hangs out with marijuana on interstate 95
i can t believe that i am this late to the  florida man  phenomenon.
my florida man birthday challenge
florida man baseball team host  florida man night.
did the florida man challenge and it did not disappoint.
nfl star florida man takes on bouncer and police in bar brawl
florida man donates 100 gallons of blood.
my result for thr florida man challenge
my result for florida man challenge, a florida man was arrested for assaulting his roommate with pizza
florida man birthday challenge: florida man thought he stole opioids, got laxatives instead
submission for the florida man challenge: man dies in explosion after attempting to microwave a microwave.
google florida man and your birthdate to get the florida man version of the stripper name game
florida man claiming people were "eating his brains" leads police on insane golf course chase - feb 1
my result for the florida man challenge: video: florida man drops stolen tv from getaway scooter
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing chicago tourist
florida birthday challenge: florida man charged with battery for giving girlfriend wet willy
florida man birthday challenge was more interesting than i expected.
my birthday florida man challenge: florida man likes to garden in the nude and his neighbors dont approve
florida man attacks gas station clerk with hot dogs, corn dog stick over beer, cops say
florida man birthday challenge: florida man arrested after fight about straws at mcdonald s
my florida man challenge: man hugs, then fatally stabs roommate who was saying goodbye.
my florida man challenge result
here s my florida man challenge..
birthday challenge: a florida man who advertised  legit counterfeit $$  on craiglist was predictably arrested
florida man disposes of his excess marijuana in big backyard bonfire
florida man attacks minion on florida boardwalk
hot sauce saves florida man after car crashes into taco bell
florida man birthday challenge: florida man rides manatee, dares police to arrest him, gets arrested
my florida man birthday: florida man claims trump bumper sticker motivated road rage attack
floridaman birf day challenge: florida man ticketed after eating pancakes in an intersection (2017)
my b-day florida man response hahahahhha
florida man challenge: florida man killed when struck by can while walking along macon road in midland...
birf day challenge: florida man casually brings alligator along on beer run
birthday submission: report: florida man high on flakka has sex with tree and calls himself thor
birthday challenge: florida man climbs up cellphone tower 'for unknown reasons'
florida man allegedly vapes another dude's semen
florida man politics in pasco county
florida man loses shorts while breaking into car dealership
my results for the florida man challenge: sex ed. sex *special* ed, to be exact.
florida man dips his nuts in salsa
florida man uses tortilla chips as a weapon
florida man birthday google
florida man guns down puppy from apartment balcony
my result for the florida man challenge: florida man who allegedly threatened family with coldplay lyrics ends standoff after swat promises him pizza
florida man birthday challenge: florida man asks about stealing beer; learns it means jail
florida man recorded himself having sex with his dog
good ol  florida man tries to board a plane with a fake grenade
florida man forces his way into a woman s home for....egg rolls
florida man hit wife with tortilla chips over paternity
police: florida man worried about vampires intentionally burns down his home
florida man challenge; florida man accused of stabbing woman over underdone potato
i did the florida man challenge and lo and behold it was the miami cannibal.
birthday submission: half-nude florida man wearing underwear marked "breathalyzer, blow here" arrested for dui
what florida man was up to on my birthday
florida man + your birthday date
wholesome florida man challenge.
florida man vladimir putin arrested on trespassing charges
florida man b-day: florida man slapped with big mouth billy bass singing fish after argument.
naked florida man discovered eating ramen in restaurant, as police searched for a different burglar that ate chicken wings.
florida man attacks gas station clerk with corndog stick (birthday florida man 20th feb)
florida man birthday challenge: florida man find massive python floating next to his dock
searching for "florida man" next to your birthday in google:
florida man bicycles backwards nearly nude on i-95. the florida man birthday challenge might be my new favorite internet  game .
florida man ception
searching "florida man" next to your birthday in google:
my florida man challenge results
florida man shoved woman because he wanted to eat egg rolls in her house
florida man birthday challenge: florida man, woman run over by patrol car while lying in road to watch eclipse
florida man birthday challenge: florida man shot and killed over parking dispute
florida man birthday challenge: florida man ends argument with chainsaw strike
my florida man challenge results: florida woman uses infant to pummel boyfriend on daytona beach |
florida man throws samurai sword at sheriff's deputies
birthday challenge: florida man arrested after witnesses said he practiced karate on swans
florida man birthday challenge: florida man accused of biting 2 toddlers dozens of times
florida man challenge: florida man confesses to cops says  jesus told me to  drive ferrari 360 off pier
my result for the florida man challenge, there s a somebody for everybody
florida man birthday chalenge (jan 2)
meta florida man invents 'florida man challenge,' goes viral
florida man birthday challenge: florida man arrested after punching an atm for giving him too much money
florida man challenge-july 11th
figured i'd participate since it was just my birthday: florida man hits girlfriend with bag of chips over baby's paternity. . .
my florida man challenge. half naked man wearing underwear saying  breathalyser blow here  arrested for dui
florida man challenge: man run over by lawn mower while trying to kill son with chainsaw
florida man birthday challenge feb. 12  
my results for the florida man challenge: florida man claiming "people were eating his brains" leads police on insane golf course chace
meta] type "florida man" and your birthday (or cake day) into google. copy and paste the first result below
florida man birthday challenge: naked florida man enjoys gardening
florida man birthday challenge: florida man asks police to test drugs claiming it was bad crystal meth..
florida man birthday (4/28)- fm shoots at roommate over cat hair on couch
florida man birthday challenge: florida man arrested for karate kicking swans
florida man causes house fire while baking naked
florida man birthday challenge - feb 6 - "florida man tries to run over son who wouldn't take a bath, deputies say"
florida man birthday challenge: florida men, one dressed in bull onesie, attempt to burn down house with ragu sauce, police say.
the most anticpated anime crossover in history: florida man challenge birthday results for ssjgodfloridaman: florida man robs store dressed as spiderman
florida man challenge: florida man gets tossed
florida man challenge: florida man attacked by a "crazy squirrel" gone nuts. and it was raised by a neighbor.
figured i'd participate since it was just my birthday: florida man hits gf with bag of chips over paternity...
florida man - december 18
birthday submission florida man
florida man arrested for trying to break into a cop car with officers inside during surveillance
florida man killed on my birthday    
florida man may 11th
florida man birthday challenge: florida man sets woman on fire
my result for the florida man challenge: florida man murders then attempts to use dead mans finger to unlock iphone
88 year old florida man burns trapped racoon alive over eating his mangoes
my friends florida man challenge
florida man birthday challenge: florida man arrested for kicking swans at lake eola while practicing karate
florida man birthday challenge: florida man run over by lawn mower while trying to kill son with chainsaw
florida man birthday challenge: florida man claiming people were "eating his brains" leads police on insane golf course chase
florida man birthday challenge: florida man arrested for having sex with miniature horse
birthday challenge: florida man makes beer run with large gator in hand.
birthday challenge submission: florida man gardens in the nude
florida man needs an egg roll
florida man killed by stray bullet at a holiday party. florida man birthday challenge
florida man arrested for having sex with miniature horse
my result for florida man birthday challenge: florida man calls police twice to complain about his clams being to small at a diner
my submission for the florida man challenge
birthday challenge november 25th. florida man steals footlong subway sub, shoves it down his pants, takes off on bike.
florida man birthday challenge: man yells  there s no santa  at florida holiday event
my florida man birthday: florida man s murder was really elaborate suicide by balloon
florida man says 3 syringes found in his butt aren't his.
birthday challenge, this happened in 2013: florida man arrested on drug charges after saying "i may have needles in my cheeks"
birthday submission: naked florida man burns house down with george forman grill
i love my birthday: florida man, 88, burns raccoon over eating his mangoes
florida man challenge: fl man enters well for bragging rights, gets stuck.
my florida man birthday challenge: florida man s murder was really elaborate suicide by balloon
my florida man birthday challenge - florida man attacks gas station clerk with hot dogs, corn dog stick over beer, cops say
florida man birthday challenge: man run over by lawn mower while trying to kill son with chainsaw
florida man birthday challenge: florida man killed by exploding vape pen
florida man attacked by a  crazy squirrel  gone nuts. and it was raised by a neighbor
florida man challenge: florida man clings to hood of a car traveling 70 mph
florida man birthday challenge: florida man accused of shooting at home after woman leaves negative restaurant review
florida man challenge: man makes beer run with gator in hand
the fiascos of florida man: a greatest shits collection
florida man tries bulletproof vest with his cousin
florida man birthday challenge : troop of monkeys invades florida man's backyard
birthday challange: florida man, 88, allegedly set raccoon on fire for eating his mangoes.
florida man birthday challenge: florida men one dressed in bull onesie attempt to burn down house with ragu sauce police say
florida man birthday challenge: florida man, 72, tries to mow down neighbor with tractor during dispute
my birthday post: florida man and his band shot to #2 on the billboard charts with an unlicensed peanuts fan song.
may 18: florida man forced to suck d*ick or f*ck alligator... does both!
florida man challenge: florida man who told cop he 'may have some needles between his cheeks' arrested on drug charges
my result for florida man challenge: florida man thought his neighbor stole his lawn mower, so he set his corvette on fire
florida man accidentally kills roommate, dog while committing suicide
florida man challenge - mine escalated quickly
florida man challenge: florida man attempts to rob bank by digging a tunnel under it!
florida man birthday challenged: florida man dons spider-man mask during liquor store burglary
florida man challenge - mine escalated quickly...
florida man challenge - double winner
florida man suspected of smelling woman's feet at library leads police on scooter chase
florida man birthday challenge- dies from bath saltz
florida man birthday challenge: florida man jumps into crocodile pit, gets bit, claims he was held captive.
florida man birthday challenge: florida man's murder was really elaborate suicide by ballon, police say
florida man october 22nd
i did the florida man thing. i got a crazy guy.
florida man shoved woman because he wanted to eat egg rolls in her house, claims she slapped him
florida man challenge: what it is and several wild stories
florida man october 22nd stabbed a man to death while high on lsd
florida man challenge: makes beer run with gator in hand
birthday challenge: florida man claimed to be surrounded by cats and alligators being arrested for murder
florida man challenge: florida man arrested after attempted striptease inside japanese steakhouse
birthday challenge: florida man wrecks liquor shop, blames caterpillar
florida man caught robbing store dressed as spider-man
naked florida man breaks into home, masturbates, defecates on floor, and eats contents of vacuum
florida man birthday challenge:  time travelling  florida man crashes car into building
floridaman b-day challenge: florida man thinks he steals pain pills... steals laxatives
my results for the florida man challenge, oof
i did the birthday challenge but mine was just sad
florida man attacks his mother with sausages...
florida man challenge: i get the "best of".
florida man shoots girlfriend after mistaking her for a hog. twice.
birthday challenge: florida man steals weapons, posts photos of them on snapchat
florida man steals chromosomes from down syndrome kids, therefore curing their down syndrome
florida man birthday challenge! police: traffic stop finds florida man with 103 pounds of pot
birthday challenge: florida man finds bright green iguana in toilet, calls 911
i m not saying i m bad at being a florida man, but my birthday florida s man gets arrested a lot.
florida birthday: florida man slapped with big mouth billy bass singing fish after argument, police say
http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/2019/03/15/florida-man-finds-bright-green-iguana-toilet-calls/
floridaman birthday challenge
florida man tries to pay for mcdonalds with a bag of weed
florida man birthday challenge- florida man wearing crocs leaps into crocodile pit
florida man pleads guilty in pipe bomb mailings that targeted cnn and trump critics before midterm elections
florida man birthday challenge: florida man finds bright green iguana in toilet, calls 911
florida man pleads guilty to mailing bombs to trumps foes
florida man bombs
florida man arrested for attempted striptease at restaurant
florida man challenge: august 18th
florida man birthday challenge: florida student, 19, kills older couple and eats man's face off while  grunting and growling 
florida man stages an "arrest" for an illegal u-turn to setup a proposal to mythical florida woman (florida man challenge)
florida man bday challenge
florida man arrested, accused of throwing pancake batter at woman
florida man birthday challenge: florida man tries to exchange marijuana for food at mcdonald's
man with banner, us flag scales crane before trump speech near florida international university campus in miami suburb sweetwater my floridaman did a terrible job for my birthaday. i am throughly disappointed. feb 18.
florida man challenge: florida man arrested for beating the brakes off krystal manager with frozen hamburger patties
florida man pleads guilty to mailing pipe bombs to trump critics
new to florida man? check this out before submitting your birthday challenge!
florida man immortalized in tribute song
florida man challange: florida crazies: man arrested for beating the brakes off krystal manager with frozen hamburger patty
florida man threatens family with "coldplay" lyrics, ends police standoff after being promised pizza
florida man tracks down 11 legit florida men from viral news stories to talk about politics
florida man birthday challenge...p.s. im from florida
this is my florida man bday: https://www.google.com/amp/amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/oct/7/florida-man-sets-fire-to-another-homeless-man/
florida man birthday challenge: florida man dressed as fred flintstone gets pulled over by pasco county sheriff for driving "footmobile"
my  florida man challenge  result. man tries to pay for mcdonalds with weed.
florida man challenge: florida man dances on top of police cruiser to ward off vampires.
florida man rigged door in attempt to electrocute pregnant wife.
florida man birth challenge- september 1st
florida man birthday challenge: "florida man tries to set motel fire to 'barbecue all the child molesters'"
pajama-wearing florida man reportedly wanted to flirt with waffle house waitress, pulls a knife out
florida man birthday challenge: florida man denies syringes found inside rectum are not his
florida man wearing crocs leaps into crocodile pit
young nic cage is my birthday florida man. he couldn't get away in 60 seconds. i guess it was tougher to steal than the declaration of independence.
florida man horoscope
birthday challenge submission: florida man arrested after assaulting roomate with pizza
florida man pleads guilty to mailing bombs to trump critics
florida man, 81, arrested for allegedly trying to buy 8-year-old girl from mother for $200k
florida man pleads guilty to mailing bombs to trump foes
my florida man birthday (march 25th) challenge: florida man arrested for eating pancakes in the middle of intersection
florida man birthday challenge: missing zoo animals found in florida man's apartment
my upcoming birthday florida man challenge: florida man charged with eating pancakes in middle of intersection
challenge: florida man arrested for throwing glass eye at doctors and nurses
birthday challenge: florida man steals vending machine
i saw a deal saying to search florida man and your birthday and this is my florida man.
florida man group of legislators pass amendment in committee to force felons to pay court fees in order to vote
florida man visiting from detroit shoots himself after throwing shoe at cockroach
florida man dons spider man mask during liquor store burglary
jacksonville jumbo shrimp are planning a  florida man night  on july 26
florida squirrel attacks florida man at his sarasota county home
hot sauce saves florida man after car crashes into taco bell
florida man misspells florida highway sign. again.
florida man admitted to killing elderly woman, boasted about losing virginity: reports
the bravery of my favorite hero, florida man
florida man tries to kiss cottonmouth snake, hospitalized after bite
florida man keeps getting elected to office in this county and then getting arrested or kicked out for taking bribes, selling cocaine, stealing cash off of dead bodies or asking female employees to apply 'creams or salves' to arouse him.
florida man attacked by a 'crazy squirrel' gone nuts. and it was raised by a neighbor.
florida man accused of stealing $547g from dead girlfriend vanishes in florida everglades after cutting tracking device
florida man arrested for shoving woman out of the way to get to egg rolls
florida man avoids another florida man crashing his car into where he was sitting in a taco bell thanks to hot sauce
florida man locates lost meth stuck to his ass in hospital
cops looking for florida man who left 57 pounds of cocaine in water
florida man breaks into his neighbors house to pet their cat
florida man is actually a florida woman
florida man kills time in social security office by masturbating as workers process his federal claims
a smoke cloud in the area leads florida man to ask cop:  did you find all my pot?
a smoke cloud in the area leads florida man to ask cop:  did you find all my pot? 
minor league baseball team to host 'florida man night'
florida man accused of throwing pancake batter faces battery charge
florida man steals "claw machine" from local wal-mart.
florida man shoots himself after throwing gun at cockroach
florida man arrested after going to playground, telling children where babies come from
florida man and florida woman arrested for operating drive thru heroin shop from their trailer home
florida man, 39, caught giving teens a ride, providing booze
florida man accused of exposing himself to sammy's dancer
florida man arrested, accused of throwing pancake batter at woman
skydiving at 90 years old? for this florida man, absolutely
florida man arrested for aggravated battery on law enforcement officer after hitting unmarked detective's vehicle
florida man chased by knife-wielding woman across 6 lanes of us-19 traffic
florida man steals 30,000 dollars worth of rare coins, cages them in with coin star for $29.30
florida man steals 30,000 dollars in rare coins, exchanges them for $29.30 with coin star machine
florida man strangled pregnant stepmother at cemetery
florida man robs store dressed as spiderman
florida man finds iguana in toilet, calls 911
florida man tries to use taco for id
florida man cuts off penis in jail
florida man cuts off penis and flushes it down the toilet
wyoming man giving florida man some serious competition...
florida man who burned caged cat, fed it to dogs gets no jail time
florida man robs bar dress
thrown pancake batter leads to battery charges for florida man
florida man saved by taco bell hot sauce
florida man slays the dance floor
florida man rescued while lying on road fatally injured on another street later same day
florida man rescued while lying on road, fatally injured on another street later same day
florida man's desire for more taco bell hot sauce packets saves life when second (elderly and confused) florida man crashes suv through front of taco bell.
minor league baseball team holding  florida man night 
video: pelican bites man in face after he jumps on bird in florida
girlfriend loses florida man at epcot
florida man is lucky to be alive saturday after leaving his table at the winter haven eatery to grab some hot sauce packets
florida man found passed out drunk behind the wheel in a wendy's drive-thru line
florida man sprints across major highway while holding a snapping turtle.
no shamrock shakes for florida man this year
florida man: why florida always has the craziest news stories | 1:27
florida man accused of threatening local magic the gathering players
florida man breaks into store, flips off security camera, deputies say
florida man continues the we are the most disgusting degenerate state tradition
florida man curses at police from another country, violates counter terrorism laws
florida man jumps on top of a pelican
florida man walks around in flip flops carrying a katana
official florida man tv show!
florida man hit pregnant girlfriend with bag of tortilla chips over baby's paternity
florida man allegedly killed girlfriend's puppy after she didn't come home on time
the patient s head wasn t bleeding just from the crash. florida man paramedic punched him, too
florida man accused of attacking brown pelican charged with animal cruelty
florida man police issue stearn warning to spring breakers: 'come on vacation, don't leave on probation'
florida man, florida man! stealing your booze and cigarettes.
florida man calls 911 after finding iguana in toilet
florida man finds bright green iguana in toilet, calls 911
florida man bans cheese, chocolate, and wine
florida man kidnaps scientist to make his dog immortal.
florida man police officer suspended after putting black woman who called for help in headlock
florida man named oluwadamilola attempted to get codeine syrup from cvs using name  willie nelson 
a florida man but everything is backwards
florida man arrested just weeks after taking over for florida mayor who was arrested
florida man finds giant lizard in his toilet
florida man mayor who was arrested a few weeks ago (and who s predecessor was just arrested) arrested again for conspiring with the replacement mayor
florida man arrested nearly 50 years after alleged molestation of child
florida man is really good at tests, makes florida proud - florida man who allegedly took college exams for wealthy students was harvard grad,  really smart guy 
florida woman and florida man, owners of fetishwear store, donated several thousand dollars to river otter habitat exhibit featuring prolifically-breeding otter named "fast eddie"
future florida man beats up high school janitor with a golf cart battery and carjacks mom picking up kids from school
florida man survives bobcat attack by choking animal to death
florida man robs store dressed as spider-man
florida man accused of breaking into elderly woman's home to fondle and kiss her
florida man finds iguana hiding in toilet
florida man finds meth stuck on his ass at hospital
florida man dresses as spiderman, steals liquor and cigarettes
florida man disguised as spider-man steals liquor and cigarettes | kfi am 640
maryland man (wanted in florida) accused of tackling a pelican
florida man was seen stealing multiple bras at victoria's secret in vero beach, florida
florida man wants to trade sex for less traffic
florida man swallowed by sinkhole in bedroom
florida man gets to be mayor of his town after former mayor arrested, but blows it when he conspires with the jailed former mayor to 'intimidate' the police and gets arrested himself
florida man gets caught tampering with radio ratings, sues people who 'enticed' him to tamper with ratings
florida man named 'sponge' sues former employee named 'spice' for stealing his sex tape
nearly nude florida man rides bike backward on miami interstate
florida man and florida woman had a baby. then they ran over the baby at a florida waffle house.
florida man hits pregnant girlfriend with a bag of tortilla chips.
florida man toppled by brave vandals
florida man slays dance routine
florida man like his dog too much
florida man who attacked mcdonald's worker over straw sentenced to jail
florida man accused of using police databases as a personal dating service.
florida man accused of beating homeless man with stick during argument over $10
is there any sort of mod here?
florida man brothers prank dad with billboard birthday card, dad is now getting phone calls from across globe
florida man chokes and abuses neighbors dog caught on camera
florida man, also known as acting mayor of port richey arrested for conspiring to interfere with an active criminal investigation involving another florida man, the former mayor who was arrested earlier last month.
another classic: florida man, 36 yr. old mark riddell is the test-taking scammer for fraudulent college admissions
florida man mayor gets arrested just 20 days after taking over city hall from another florida man mayor who was arrested.
there's a florida man in everyone
connor mcgregor arrested in miami - there's a florida man in everyone
florida man threatens kid with a sword
florida man arrested for destroying a $1k cellphone. oh and it was connor mcgregor.
florida man resigns as a police officer after using the police database as his own personal dating website
florida cops taser naked florida man burglar who pooped and masturbated when homeowner pulled a gun.
florida man arrested on robbery, criminal mischief charges in miami
florida man goes crazy on worker cause he can t get a straw.
does this count as a florida man??
florida man mistakes journalist for dam
florida man who blogs every day about people who are booked into the local jail is booked into the local jail
just when you thought it was safe, florida man appears in the last paragraph
florida man brings ak-47 to middle school after receiving phone call from crying son.
florida man gives neighbor unwanted shower.
florida man indicted for taking standardized tests for wealthy children as part of massive college admissions cheating scheme uncovered by the doj
florida man indicted for taking standardized tests for wealthy students in massive college admissions cheating scheme uncovered by the fbi
florida man convicted of 'modern day slavery'
florida man threatens to blow up beachfront resort with pipe bombs, kill police officers
florida man just wants clean teeth. wheels fall of when he hijacks a car and kidnaps a family
florida man in spider-man mask steals bottles from liquor store, deputies say
florida man accused of beating homeless person with stick
florida man whips restaurant worker with rope
florida man just wants clean teeth. wheels fall off when he hijacks a car with a family on board!
florida man uses police database as a dating service
is sex in public a new trend for florida man and florida woman?
florida man caught stealing hundreds of mice from local pet store
florida man among 50 charged in college admissions scheme by secretly retaking and replacing answers on sat/act exams.
florida man - corrections officer accused of repeatedly sexually abusing children
florida man accused of intentionally pressure washing his neighbor
florida man upset he was ripped off buying crack shoots at drug dealer tries to take on cops
after being charged with a crime, does florida man accept the consequences? no! he shoots at paramedics and tries to frame his cousin for a reduced sentence
florida man gets trapped inside cooler, prompting recall
florida man who attacked mcdonald s worker over straw sentenced to jail
florida man says venezuelan explosion occurred at  german dam,  who is a journalist and not a dam
florida man politician faces a licking.
florida man investigated for tackling pelican.
florida man arrested for battery &amp; allegedly firing missile into a building
maryland man in florida (temporary florida man) tackles federally protected pelican
florida man threatens to kill 10-year-old with sword
maryland man emulates florida man craziness while on vacation, dives on wild pelican
florida man arrested for phone theft
florida man decides bring a filthy rich mma fighter is not gangster enough.
no jail for florida man accused of setting cat on fire, feeding it to dogs
florida man stalks taylor swift
florida man rescued from vending machine
florida man loses job after posting mid-surgery photos of his patients' genitals with mocking captions on instagram
naked florida man crashes car then led police on bizarre nude foot chase
florida man accused of choking, slamming neighbor's dog to the ground
infamous florida half-headed man in the news again, this time for murder
infamous florida man with half head arrested for murder
florida man sets cat on fire, feeds corpse to dogs.
florida man sets cat on fire, avoids jail
florida man brutally attacks neighbour's dog.
florida man rides bike backwards, and is nearly nude
floridaman and family encouraged to go to minor league baseball game
judge: jail time for florida man who attacked mcdonald s worker over straw
florida man crawls through sewers, sings amazing grace
florida man falls victim to leprosy after sex with armadillo
florida man attempts to steal toilet from home depot
florida man choke-slams his neighbor s dog
florida man choke slams his neighbor s dog
florida man who led virginia police on chase in maserati charged with forgery
florida man punches woman at publix because she gave him the middle finger
florida man continues to stalk taylor swift
florida man (teacher) encourages students to fight each other
florida man arrested for faking 911 call then shooting at ambulance
florida man recorded himself fucking his dog
libtard florida man and woman raise a gender-neutral baby
homeless florida man urinates in preschool parking lot, deputies say
florida man arrested for masturbating at open window while watching students walk home, documents show
florida man gets his own night at a minor league baseball game!
florida man night,' where one law will be broken per inning, is actually coming to a minor league ballpark
florida man hits children with belt because they weren't eating their cereal fast enough.
florida man : kraft's florida massage-parlor founder sure hung out with lots of republicans besides trump
florida man arrested for destroying liquor shop tells police he is alice in wonderland and that a 'hookah-smoking caterpillar' ordered him to do it
nearly nude florida man rides bike backward on miami interstate
florida man punches atm for giving too much cash
florida sisters charged with dad's murder after being turned in by man both were dating
not technically a florida man story, but i interpreted this as referencing our world s worst superhero, florida man, &amp; assumed you all would enjoy.
florida woman and her sister confess to a man both of them were sleeping with about mudering their father
florida man leads police on crazy chase while naked
florida man arrested after leading police on crazy chase while naked.
geffner] jacksonville jumbo shrimp will host "florida man night" on july 26, where the team will break a weird florida law every inning
deputies: florida man - florida keys man steals flag, then exposes himself
florida man busted after rpg found in his luggage at airport.
florida man makes lego roller coaster from 300000 pieces
florida men on florida man new episode!
florida man traveling to orlando airport had rocket-propelled grenade launcher in luggage
florida man arrested for hanging on traffic light and sh*tting on cars passing underneath
florida man tries to bring home a rocket-propelled grenade launcher
florida man gives himself up for pizza
florida man tries to bring an rpg onto a plane
florida man threatens work crew with rifle after they make too much noise
florida man spends night in jail after punching beachgoer in the face moments before wedding ceremony
florida man spent four years kicking cars
a homeless florida man is accused of stealing an american flag and exposing himself at a sheriff's office building in the florida keys.
a florida man was sentenced for breaking into his former classmate s condo last year while wearing women s clothes.
florida man punches acquaintance in the face when he learns he's a pedophile
a florida man spends night in jail after punching beachgoer in the face moments before wedding
florida man tapping two sibling sisters who killed their father
florida man accidentally shoots friend in forehead. "didn't know it was loaded"
florida man accused of making up child kidnapping story
florida man got nothing on oregon man
move over florida man, it s florida groom s time.
florida man streams shoot out
florida man tries to fly home with rpg in checked bag
florida man who got his ass kicked after he attacked a mcdonald's worker in a video that went viral just learned that he also got jail time.
florida man who has broken into taylor swift s house at least twice including once when he used her shower and was found in her bed does it again.
florida man charged in the death of seven week old girl
florida man using his powers for good
florida man tries to bring rpg replica onto plane
florida man cruising around
florida man, arrested for videotaping sexual acts with his dog in a fursuit.
florida man rocket man
florida man trapped in a storm drain
florida man packs grenade launcher for flight; tsa says  nope 
florida man juvenile detention officer had sex with inmates
florida man has grenade launcher in luggage, tsa says they're glad it wasn't real
florida man has a smart car
florida man tries smuggling rocket launcher on airplane
florida man tried to board flight with a grenade launcher
four new florida man stories in this week s florida men podcast
florida man calls 911 to report himself drunk driving
florida man tries to fly home with a military-style rocket-propelled grenade launcher fails
florida man finds cvs to be a convenient one-stop shop to both print his child porn photos and purchase lube
florida man is apparently hungry
florida man boasts about virginity... and killing an elderly woman
florida man boasts about losing virginity... then admits to killing an elderly woman
florida man spends intended wedding night in jail after fight on the beach
florida man tried to bring replica grenade launcher on plane
florida man caught crawling in the sewers.
florida man flies with a grenade launcher. nothing wrong here
florida man mistakenly arrested in sex spa case plans to sue sherrif, says arrest upended his life
florida man accused of calling 911 five times and fighting deputies while holding baby
florida man wrongfully accused in prostitution sting in case of mistaken identity
florida man secedes from the union.
florida man captures video of tesla driver asleep at the wheel in california
florida man films two alligators fight for territory during mating season
crackhead florida man crawling through sewers
jacksonville jumbo shrimp to have 'florida man' night this summer
florida man in key west steals american flag from sheriff's office, exposes himself
florida man is arrested for 'printing child porn' at cvs
florida man arrested after breaking man's nose at his own wedding
florida man bombs his own car
florida man claiming to be 'an agent of god' caught carrying rattlesnake in jacksonville beach
florida man claiming to be 'an agent of god' caught carrying 8ft rattlesnake
i'm not an american, i'm a florida man. two different things bud.
florida man arrested after fighting over tupac shakur
florida man steals coins worth $33,000 and puts them in a change machine for $30
florida man accused of throwing molotov cocktails at his impounded car | kktx-am
florida man "ayub mule abdulrahman' accused of throwing molotov cocktails at his impounded car
florida police man
florida man - mock teaser trailer
florida man sets his own car on fire at impound lot, deputies say
florida man steals $33,000 worth of rare coins and cashes then in to a coinstar for $30.
florida man sentenced to 10 days for dragging shark behind boat
florida man accused of trying to down child in pool
florida man what is game design
florida man who is also a former school of rock student on jack black s old show arrested four times for stealing guitars
florida man and his grenade launcher
florida man brings grenade launcher to airport
florida man calls for ethnic cleansing of city during live commissioners  meeting
florida man brings rocket launcher into airport
florida man tries to bring rocket launcher on his flight.
florida man throws molotov cocktails at impounded car
florida man with rocket grenade launcher stopped by tsa
florida man tries to get back to florida after taking a trip to pennsylvania
florida man stopped by tsa when he attempted to bird flight with military grenade launcher
florida man tries to take military grade rocket launcher through airport security
florida man brings his rpg to pa
tsa agents find non-working grenade launcher in luggage of florida man
florida man former heisman trophy winner and longtime nfl quarterback can't sell his $5 million mansion, will sell it at an auction complete with guys in tuxedos and a harpist
florida man spotted in pa
florida man bikes on an interstate  not completely clothed.
florida man bikes semi nude on an interstate.
florida man tv director: employment info &amp; career requirements
florida man charged with trying to  barbecue  child molesters
florida man throws molotov cocktail at own vehicle locked in impound lot, police say
florida man arrested for throwing cookie at his girlfriend
alligators, drugs, and theft, oh my! new list shows top 10 'florida man' stories
florida man stabs co-worker with machete in mall food court
florida man entrenched in hot tub
semi-nude florida man rides bicycle backwards on i-95 - again
semi-nude florida man rides bicycle backwards on i-95 - again
florida man steals $33,000 in rare coins, cashes them in for their face value at $30
florida man steals $33,000 in rare coins, then cashed them in at a coin star machine for their face value (about $30)
florida man travels 1,000 miles to cut off penis of man dating his ex
og florida man
florida man captured on surveillance video flaunting stolen car keys at lot
watch out, florida man. a challenger appears...
the top 10 most florida man stories of all - miami herald
florida man rescues grandma floating away on ice throne
florida man to paddleboard 300 miles through everglades to raise awareness for veteran suicides
police doing god s work against florida man
florida man rides bike in pink high-tops
florida man throws molotov cocktails at his own vehicle inside orange county impound lot
florida man sentenced to 40 years for plotting to bomb target stores to disrupt stock price.
florida man facing felony charge after tossing a discarded toilet through the window of the school board's headquarters
florida man makes porn star mad by mentioning she does porn while introducing her on the best afternoon radio show.
the miami herald proudly presents the top ten florida man stories
florida man ends stand-off for pizza
florida man with no legs open shoots hospital personnel for cigarettes
florida man with no legs shoots at hospital staff for cigarettes
florida man asks for police, then bites a deputy s wrist
florida man deciphers mystery that involves things being not missing
florida man gets 15 years for human trafficking.
florida man gets arrested after putting other florida man in the hospital over fight about tupac
florida man arrested after asking police to test his meth
florida man from florida company builds f.l.o.r.i.d.a. man scoring taxonomy, evaluates 225 florida man stories for the miami herald
florida man top 10 list
new historic florida man podcast!
this site developed a florida man scoring system. here's what its top ten florida man stories were.
florida man crashes through skylight and into wrestling match.
florida man arrested for throwing cookie at girlfriend.
florida man house speaker repeatedly calls pregnant women  host bodies  in tv interview about abortion
florida man/women causes serious car rollover, then flees the scene.
florida man personified in congress is in big trouble now.
florida man sexually assaulted his dog and posted it online, say pinellas deputies
florida man arrested at school he works at, accused of using meth "on the daily"
psa: frequent florida man source tcpalm has some of their reporters doing an ama right now in /r/iama
florida man housing authority director making $140,000 a year lives rent-free in affordable housing owned by his agency, which he also charges $3,000 for furniture and electricity.
florida man is a genius!!!
florida man (police) arrests couple so they could make out in the back of the police car
florida man s spicy midwestern cousin
florida man dips his testicles in salsa
florida man threw heavy ball at 5-year-old autistic student
florida man child m o le s t er was c au g h t in church &amp; blames anime for his actions
florida man charged with fixing cars with play-doh
florida woman assaults florida man after he refuses to cuddle
florida man in wheelchair shoots doctor in the neck at florida hospital, fbi says
florida man dresses as darth vader and jumps on bed of pickuo truck in the parking lot of a walmart warding off evil spirits with a broom
cops: florida man ends standoff for slice of pizza
not florida but
florida man ends standoff for slice of pizza.
florida man police officer suspended after letting suspects perform sex acts in his car
florida man and congressmember matt gaetz cannot stop talking about how much he finds fellow congressmember alexandria ocasio-cortez "attractive" and it is starting to be called "very gross"
the best florida man stories of this week in florida men: the podcast episode 41
florida man who claimed to live in different 'dimensions' told police that he burned woman because she was a 'witch'
florida man gets a hearty slap on the wrist for dragging a live shark behind his speed boat
florida man in gorilla suit breaks in home, hides under bed
florida man likes pizza... and coldplay?
florida man accused of hitting girlfriend in head with cookie
florida man robs his own house thinking it was his neighbors and is arrested by police officers.
florida man was arrested again
florida man betrays position as elected official to intimidate witness on twitter
florida man convicted of stalking had 90 pounds of panties in his home
florida man commits witness tampering
florida man saves a life.
florida man (woman) casually walks out of target with more than $2000 worth of electronics!
florida man matt gaetz, proudly puts "florida man proudly serving the first district in congress," on twitter bio as he commits witness tampering before michael cohen testimony.
florida man doesn't say, "sh*t happens", he says "life happens".
florida man used a spray bottle to wet other inmates with urine, deputies say
florida man drives through a stop sign and hits parked cars, getting a dwi.
giant florida man who loves guns sure does cry a lot
florida man school social worker charged with 50 counts of child porn
florida man ends police standoff for slice of pizza; man accused of harassing family with coldplay lyrics, threats
florida man accused of harassing family with coldplay lyrics ends police standoff for slice of pizza
florida man charged after grandma dies; bed filled with maggots
florida man moves to minnesota for sick wife
florida man matt gaetz under investigation by florida state bar over michael cohen threat on twitter
florida man claiming to be an agent of god caught carrying rattlesnake in jacksonville beach
72 year old florida man accused of stalking, inappropriately touching young girl
florida man and florida woman ran illegal dental office out of garage for 5 years
florida man cop suspended after allegedly allowing suspects to give each other hand jobs
florida man saves dog, fends off aggressive coyote attack with coffee cup.
florida man falls through skylight onto gym floor, disrupting high school wrestling match
review before hiring any florida man
florida man glenn reid scammed the company
florida man arrested for domestic abuse with cookie
florida man douses flames of passion with fire extinguisher
keep them away from anime' says florida man accused of molesting a 3-year-old
florida man dances through dui sobriety test
florida man allegedly slaps woman with a bowl of chili
florida man arrested for throwing cookie at girlfriend
florida man and florida woman arrested for shoplifting at walmart were allegedly permitted to engage in sexual activity in the back of a police car by the arresting officer.
florida man steals $33,000 in rare coins... uses them in change machines
florida man aids rescue of 2 women and dog from fire in wisconsin
florida man thought he stole opioids, took laxatives instead
florida man swims away from police
florida man arrested for throwing cookie at gf
florida man beats up 70 year old guy at his birthday party, scores role in a zack snyder movie
florida man sees someone steal his leaf blower, chases them down and now he's in the slammer charged with attempted murder
florida man believes he can fly but falls through the ceiling
florida man steals $33k of rare coins, cashed-in at coinstar for $29.30
florida man killed while trying to rape alligator
florida man zookeeper injured by rhinoceros during training session
florida congressman matt gaetz is apparently a proud  florida man    (first two words in twitter bio)
florida (congress)man attempts witness tampering and intimidation ... on twitter.
florida man attempts to send himself to jail via twitter
florida man police officer suspended after allowing couple to have sex in patrol car
florida man who happens to be a gop congressman, threatens michael cohen.
florida man uses a diamond as a key
florida man uses huge stuffed alpaca to get drivers to slow down.
florida man steals over $33,000 in rare coins and trades them in for less than $30
florida man miami-dade cops charged after video catches sergeant slapping a handcuffed teen
drunk florida man dui suspect threatens police officer
angry florida man groomer broke service dog's tail, which had to be amputated
florida man casually intimidates witness on social media proving once again that money and power don t instill class and decency.
florida man steals thousands of dollars worth of rare coins, puts them in a grocery store coin machine for their face value.
florida man fights off wild coyote with coffee cup
florida man called 911 after his mom wouldn't pay for ihop
florida man blames anime for sexual assault
florida man; cop suspended after playing barry white, letting couple make-out in patrol car
florida man throws toilet through school board building window in illinois, is arrested sitting on another
i will pull your jaw off': florida man accused of attacking senior citizen
florida man arrested after hitting girlfriend with a cookie
florida man jailed following deer antler domestic donnybrook
florida man dies after his tesla model s crashed and caught fire
florida man dies after his tesla model s crashes and catches on fire
florida man at the festival
florida man going out of state to be a hero
florida man gives his information to the officer before he speeds off...
florida man, board member of the boys and girls clubs, is indicted on prostitution charges as a result of a human trafficking sting.
florida man (and mayor of port richey) gotta into a shootout with swat team
delayed rape kit links florida man to 2006 seattle child rape
wanna know a bigger hot mess than even florida man? the backlog of rape kits waiting to be tested in the usa.
florida man creates website like the onion, but for florida.
rape kit tested 12 years later leads to arrest of florida man
florida man (mayor) shoots at deputies trying arrest him on allegations of practicing medicine without a license
feds indict florida man who duped texas school district out of $2m with email
best of florida man 2018
florida man stole collectible coins worth tens of thousands of dollars, then ran them through grocery store change machines
florida man arrested for trying to pay bar tab with a rock, and pulling out a briefcase and saying  this briefcase either contains either a bomb or a baby .
florida man arrested with cocaine-stuffed lunchables
florida man, who is a cop, disciplined after suspects caught on camera fondling each other on trip to jail
florida man at heart
florida man/mayor
florida man becomes  impatient  on journey to adult bookstore, gets arrested for indecent exposure
florida man charged with throwing toilet at east st. louis board of education
florida man goes on rapist rampage in local walmart, reported immunity to tasers
what county in florida is the most  florida man  of all of the counties in the state?
florida man utilizes bold strategy during traffic stop: hand your license to the officer, then speed away
florida man and owner of new england patriots robert kraft charged in prostitution sting
florida man arrested with cocaine-stuffed lunchables
florida man and patriots owner robert kraft arrested for soliciting prostitutes
florida man accused of molesting a 5 year old girl
florida man that owns a football team busted
florida man steals $33k of rare coins, then runs them through a coin machine for face value
florida man - car wash owner assaults female customers
florida man ripped off home depot   sometimes without taking items from store. also looks like he and steve bannon were separated at birth -- difficult to say which is the worse offense.
florida man calls 911 to report a drunk driver himself - national
florida man accused of throwing toilet through east st. louis school board office
florida man fights off coyote with a coffee cup.
florida man fought his arch enemy mum with a slice of pizza.
florida man assaults mother with pizza
florida man (mayor) fires shots at swat
florida man mayor of port richie arrested for shooting at cops.
florida man canoes away from police after stealing car but " the pond is surrounded"
florida man canoes away from police after stealing car but "the pond is surrounded".
florida man ripped off home depot   sometimes without taking items from store, cops say
florida man mayor accused of shooting at deputies was a known 'drug dealer,' sheriff says
florida man high on drugs fires upon deputies who are trying to arrest him for practicing medicine without a license. he's also the town's mayor.
florida man uses canoe to evade deputies
florida man pees in restaurnt sink - cape canaveral (video description for story &amp; source)
florida man records video of a fully grown python fighting an alligator.
florida man fakes dui trial to propose to girlfriend
florida man, actually 165 of them, busted for soliciting prostitution in one county (photos)
florida man saves rattlesnake, carries it around downtown wrapped around his head, puts snake in police car
florida man carrying huge rattlesnake stopped by police after scared locals issue complaints
https://www.sun-sentinel.com/news/florida/fl-ne-florida-man-boat-burial-20190219-story.html#nt=oft12ah-1gp2
a florida man used a cell phone jammer everyday while travelling to work because he didn't want drivers around him to be distracted on their phones. as a result, he was fined $48,000 by the fcc.
florida man trafficking coke in stuffed lunchables.
florida man faces dui charges after hitting 8 servicemen
florida man claims to be an agent of god, and carries rattlesnake around on the beach
florida man drove around as a cellphone-jamming vigilante for two years
florida man burglizes home, snorts man's ashes, thought it was cocaine.
an all time florida man legend is back with some additional charges
florida man arrested for trafficking cocaine-stuffed lunchables in ford f-150
florida man runs over 8 servicemen while intoxicated
florida man becomes impatient on his way to the porn store
caught on camera: florida man records battle between alligator and python
florida man gets  impatient  on the way to buy porn
florida man caught on camera licking doorbell
only one florida man but three florida women on this week s florida men podcast
florida man arrested after recording himself having sex with his dog
florida man left paralyzed after being shot when he asked teen party-crashers to leave: police
florida man leads police on low-speed chase in canoe
florida man beats teen with pop tart
florida man threatens to shoot up school after not winning award
6th grade florida man arrested after refusal to participate in pledge of allegiance escalated into a confrontation with police and school officials
florida man attempts to light his girlfriend on fire with a brownish non flammable liquid, fails, and asks her to clean up the spill.
florida man robs store to prove he's "independent"
florida man stages fake dui trial to propose to his girlfriend
florida man sex offender, 89, exposed self to 3 children
florida man and florida woman enjoy surf and turf. they just don't enjoy paying for it.
florida man attacked by naked girlfriend after he turned her down for sex, gets her arrested
florida man who goes by the name 'the topless handyman' shows up at job site with no permit and no tools, learns it's an undercover sting and gets arrested for unlicensed contracting
50 dogs recovered from deceased florida man
florida man has a sidekick
florida man charged after causing critical injuries to newborn, covers up injuries with makeup
florida man suffers a rough patch with woman. surprises her with rape in effort to salvage the night!
not florida man, but ir fits here
florida man caught licking door bell on cam
it's florida man, a student, 11, arrested after refusing pledge of allegiance and causing a fuss
florida man raises gender neutral baby
florida man has laser beams
florida man locks baby daughter in his car and nearby florida inmates on work detail break her out using a coat hanger while florida mother proclaims "them bust that s**t right open so thank god for the criminals in the world"
florida man charged after hitting toddler, fleeing scene
florida man mistakenly received a $980,000 tax refund, and officials say he tried to keep it
florida man claiming to be an agent of god caught carrying rattlesnake imln jax beach.
florida man slaps woman with a bowl of chili
florida man claiming to be an agent of god, caught walking around jax beach with a rattlesnake
florida man claims to be  agent of god  causally walking around with an 8 foot rattlesnake.
florida man claims to be an 'agent of god' and carries large rattlesnake around jacksonville beach
florida man beats teenage girl with her own crutches
florida man couple raising their 11 month old baby as general-neutral 'they-by'. wtf does they-by even mean?
florida man &amp; woman charged with child neglect for starving baby with vegan diet
florida man scores $980k tax refund with this fraud trick
florida man tries to scam irs out of $980k
florida man locks baby and keys in car; florida inmates save the day
deputies arrest a florida man for shining laser at sheriff's office helicopter
opposite of traditional florida man story as this one is feel good.
florida man inmates use criminal skills to rescue baby
florida man gets a cool mil from the irs.
tfw florida man is my friend's uncle
florida dog, famous for shooting gun at bad florida man, passes away at the old age of 14
florida man caught on camera licking a doorbell
florida man impersonating police officers tried to pull over a south florida commissioner who is a former officer
florida man charged after dressing up as a dog and having sex with his pet husky
florida (wo)man arrested for throwing frozen pork chop at boyfriend | food fight!
florida man gets $980k tax refund
florida man accused of trafficking cocaine to ohio inside boxes of lunchables
florida man arrested after throwing burrito at girlfriend during argument
florida man caught on camera licking doorbell
florida man gets $980k tax refund, attempts to keep it
https://wsvn.com/news/local/florida-man-caught-on-camera-licking-doorbell/
florida man spreading the love just in time for valentine's day
bomb threat' turns out to be florida man warning of 'blowing up' bathroom at home depot
of course it happens to florida man
a lake worth florida man was recorded late last month on a surveillance video, licking things at the front door.
florida man posed as doctor, said he could cure diabetes, other diseases by injecting patients with their own blood
florida man goes live during shooting
florida man rapper known for single "murder on my mind" charged with murder.
florida man shoots himself in hand while cleaning gun, kills dog, then doubts dog is dead
florida man cheats on his taxes; irs sent him a refund check for $980,000
shoeless shirtless florida man pursues the pernicious porch pirates who stole packages from his doorstep
florida man arrested after rampage;  people were eating his brains. 
florida man in utah
florida man who self-prepared his taxes received a $980,000 refund, u.s. attorney says
florida man throws burrito at girlfriend, gets arrested.
florida man sets chair on fire in home with florida women and florida children inside
florida man takes a hatchet to a strip club after being kicked out
florida man used phony tax return to score $980,000 refund
florida man, 11, arrested after refusing to recite 'racist' pledge of allegiance
florida man has sex with a husky
florida man arrested for sex acts with dog while wearing dog costume
florida man ynw melly charged with two counts of murder after killing two friends.
florida man robs bojangles with ak-47
a florida man reported an income of $18,497. the irs sent him a refund check for $980,000.
florida man performed sex acts on dog while dressed as husky
vintage florida man.
florida man finds loophole
florida man becoming too popular tries out some new masks
florida man tries to pull one over on the irs
florida man accused of making bomb threat was referring to bowel movement, police say
florida woman drops pants, licks man, dances naked in waffle house parking lot
florida man arrested after posting video online of him dressed as a dog, having sex with dog
central florida man goes live on instagram during shootout with orange county deputies
florida man reported $18k income. got almost $1 million refund. now the irs wants its money back
world speed chess champion hikaru nakamura "i'm florida man"
florida man found sleeping, urinating outside adult novelty shop
florida man arrested for masturbating inside walmart
florida man arrested for masturbating in walmart
florida man accused of beaning girlfriend in the face with burrito
florida man sues kars for kids, for not giving him a kid, after he donated his car
florida man, 21, 'recorded himself in a dog costume having sex with his husky'
florida man vows to live off the land in orlando
florida man doctor fist fights friend of terminally-ill patient over treatment disagreement (surveillance video of fight)
florida man disguised as dog rapes dog, ten additional charges after search
florida man ordered by judge to take wife on a date
florida man reports $18,000 in income to the irs, gets $980,000 tax refund, deposits it in bank, buys a lexus and is now in trouble.
florida man who worked at sizzling platter reports $1 million in irs withholding. gets tax return for $980,000. buys a lexus.
florida man, woman like to have "sexy sexy" in public, even if it means participants in the nearby children's parade see them
florida man carjacks woman as she digs in purse to give him change, is later arrested after he falls through a ceiling while naked
florida man in oldsmar performed sexual acts on siberian husky
florida man going nuts in a walgreens
naked florida man causes disturbance at oakland park walgreens
florida man performed sexual acts on siberian husky, detectives say
florida man records himself having sex with dog
florida man charged with sexually molesting a siberian husky
florida man earns phd in mass media in noble attempt at redemption for florida man (satire)
pinellas county detectives arrest florida man after he video recorded himself performing sex acts on his dog
florida man dressed up as dog and recorded himself having sex with his dog, deputies say
florida man arrested for twisting 2 year-old boy's nipples off
speeding florida man driver tells cops he was driving like a bat out of hell because he wanted a pepsi
florida man dresses up like siberian husky, then has sex with his pet siberian husky, then posts video of it on the internet and gets arrested for animal cruelty.
florida man arrested after recording himself performing sex acts on his siberian husky
florida man test drives buick off car dealership lot, never returns it
florida man originally from mexico arrested, accused of impregnating 12 year old
florida man sees another florida man doing fucked up shit "hold my beer" yells "florida man!" before proceeding to do more fucked up florida shit
florida man accused of being fake doctor claiming to cure diabetes
florida man accused of recording himself having sex with dog
four florida man firefighters charged after coworker finds penises drawn on family photos
florida man man batters girlfriend with a burrito
florida man arrested for having sex with dog, posting video online
florida man accused of impersonating a doctor, claiming he could cure diabetes
florida man robs two stores with walking cane with spike on bottom
florida man arrested for being a fake doctor and saying he could cure diabetes.
florida man dressed as a dog. then shot video of himself raping a dog
florida man dresses up as dog and then rapes one
florida man fakes medical degree and cures diabetes.
florida man arrested, accused of scamming $25m from people by claiming he knew artists
florida man accused of plotting to groom and rape a 3-year-old girl with other pedophile florida man
florida man finds pipe bomb in backyard, cuts it in half with a chainsaw to find out.
florida man, dressed in bull costume, accused of trying to burn down house with an accomplice using ragu sauce
a florida man charged for his role in the beating of a black man during a white nationalist rally in charlottesville, virginia, has entered an alford plea.
florida man accused of robbing the same bank twice.
florida man steals weapons, posts photos of them on snapchat, deputies say
florida man being a racist police officer
florida man breaks into woman's home to fry chicken
florida man destroys sign for using the word  plantation , calls it  racist 
missing florida man believes he s god and wants to  heal and kill people .
florida man steals gallons of frying oil from burger king
florida man arrested for exposing himself to teenage victims in westchase
mop-wearing florida man looking for eggs  terrified entire family'
this was from r/subredditsimulator, but i legitimately believed it for a second because bit said "florida man"
florida man reported missing believes hes god
florida man shot after he tased citrus co. deputies
louis ck s advice to florida man: if you ever ask someone if you can masturbate in front of them and they say yes, ask them  are you sure? 
florida man sues parents because he didn't consent to being born.
florida man hits man with his own spine
florida man arrested for having sex with disabled woman who later gave birth four years ago
florida man arrested after disabled woman he was looking after has his baby: police
florida man tries to dance his way out of a dui, it doesn't work
florida man tried to run over son who refused to take a bath
florida man gets stuck to prepped drag strip surface at the gt-r world cup
florida man tried to con the makers of gta online
famous florida man removes word 'plantation' from his community's sign, now faces felony charges
florida man found asleep in car, wheel dances during sobriety test
florida man calls 911 hundreds of times because he, "want[s] someone to talk to."
florida man trying to steal roommate s prescription pills tricked into taking laxatives
florida man attempts to run son over with his truck because he didn t want to take a bath
naked, florida man glitter-farting troll now greets guests at universal
florida man killed by little caesars employee after he accidentally shot himself in road rage incident
florida man owes take-two over $150,000
florida man beats kid for showering too long
florida man defends prized stash of potato chips with a machete
florida man dumps on the simulator.
florida man i came across on google
florida threatens to kill man with kindness, the name of his machete
florida man threatens to kill man with kindness, the name of his machete
florida man arrested for allegedly having sex with disabled woman at group home
florida man politician with alleged  habit of licking men  and groping them quits
florida man shaves his head, urinates on furniture and floors, and spray paints walls before shooting at deputies after father goes on a date with a woman
florida man robbing credit unions in sc
florida man threw meth-fueled death party for wife before she died.
florida man podcast #38   casey anthony, william shatner s love child, a waffle house floozy, and a pill thief
florida man charged with procurement fraud related to federal courthouse in st. thomas
florida man accused of smearing feces in crunch fitness restroom, sauna
florida man coast guard seizes 17.5 tons of cocaine
florida man named happy accused of driving drunk
florida man beats child for taking too long of a shower
florida man tried to run over son because he didn't want to take a bath
missing tampa florida man wants to 'heal people and kill people,' deputies say
florida man gets drunk and drives car into large pond
even florida man needs some good news sometime
florida man attacked sister, bit cop after someone touched his cigar, police say
florida man (car dealer s son) arrested on sexual assault charge for incident at west palm marriott
florida man vapes semen
florida man was lonely, so he kept calling 911.
florida man kills in-laws after posing as their murdered daughter for a year, cops say
florida man says workers' comp denied him treatment after explosion at job
florida man sentenced in federal court for posing as 'war hero'
a florida man drove through an airport fence to do doughnuts near runway
florida man kills in-laws after posing as their murdered daughter for a year.
florida man who jumped in croc pit gets 1 year in jail
florida man dresses like naked troll doll, farts glitter for families
florida man used a wig as a disguise during robbery, deputies say. it worked against him
florida man pokes girlfriend in eye after she brings him wrong birthday breakfast
florida man begins publishing the onion for florida news
florida man's house/animal sanctuary catches fire, must be woken up by a screaming peacock
florida man accused of sexual encounters with an underage student will continue to run private high school while under house arrest
florida man and florida woman arrested for having sex in the middle of the road
florida man drives into canal, dumps marijuana, then pops pills while car sinks
florida man steals identity of person he barely resembles.
florida man tells florida cops he found over 27 lbs of weed on side of road and plans to smoke it
florida man attempts to run over his son for refusing to take a bath
florida man murdered his wife and then her whole family: police
florida man runs iver chikd while trying to hit a different person
florida man damages cars in parking lot because he couldn't remember where he parked, deputies say
florida man stabs roommate to death in fight over music
florida man races on active runway, does donuts in hanger
florida (wo)man accused of dancing naked in waffle house parking lot, licking employee
florida man arrested for possession of laundry detergent   not heroin   among 11 freed after deputy allegedly faked drug tests
florida man/woman maternity photo
florida man with fake middle-eastern accent threatens to blow up gay bar
florida man arrested after chained dog starves to death
florida man charged with throwing alligator into wendy s!
florida man and two florida women who are in a relationship with each other are accused of forcing two boys to engage in sex acts.
florida man allegedly drunk on airplane faces federal charge
florida man spends 41 days in jail for heroin which turned out to be detergent
florida man races ford mustang around active runway, does donuts in hangar
loathe thy neighbor: florida man feud flares over runaway llamas, guns and a barbecued pig
requiring public schools to offer a bible class in the year 2019? a florida man lawmaker says 'why not?'
florida man throws meth fueled death party for his ailing wife.
alligator ron' bergeron is the florida man of florida politics
florida man passes away in hotel room with almost $400,000 and police claim it all
florida man tells deputy he was speeding because he was "thirsty" for pepsi
florida man stabbed in back over hat remarks
alligator ron  bergeron is the florida man of florida politicians
florida man does donuts on runway
florida man rams pensacola airport fence, does donuts
florida man thought he stole opioids, took laxitives instead
young mothers, blue-collar clerks, all promised life-changing plastic surgeries - and died. florida man
once-homeless florida man builds his own tiny town entirely from scrap materials
florida man realizes common core is a joke and signs bill to ditch it
florida man running for senate sacrifices goat and drinks its blood
florida man gives someone a hand ;) hand gets stuck in ass for 8 hours.
florida man thought he stole opioids, but took laxatives instead
florida man thought he was stealing opioids; they were laxatives, deputies say
florida man allegedly killed his mom, dad, and brother after sending $200,000 to a "cam girl" in europe
florida man can't keep his dick in his pants
florida man crashes airport gate and does donuts on runway.
florida man caught digging a tunnel leading to local bank
florida man gets a year in jail for wanting to feed the crocodiles.
florida man attacks wife with taco bell lunch 'causing some to go up into her nose'
florida man throws meh fueled party for wife before she dies
florida man drives wwii hand grenade to taco bell
florida man yet to be found
florida man threw wife meth-fueled "death party" before she died
florida man threw meth-fueled 'death party' for his wife before she died, deputies say
florida man thinks aviation is for him!
florida man breaks into retirement home yells "i'm shaggy" then fucks a seeing eye dog yelling "scooby you've been a naughty boy"
florida man holds up chinese restaurant at finger point gets charged with armed robbery
florida man is evolving
florida lawmaker man sourced anti-climate change, anti-evolution bill from islamophobic fringe group
florida man knocks out aggressive coyote, who wakes up, only to be later choked out by another florida man
florida man starts fourth grade basketbrawl... check that... ohio man... sorry.
florida man holds up chinese restaurant at finger-point gets charged with armed robbery
florida man threw meth-fueled 'death party' for his wife before she died, deputies say
florida man "does not like" gun laws. builds machine gun.
florida man behind famous 'wide neck' mugshot back in jail
florida man tries to rob three businesses but gets ignored at the first, gets put in a chokehold at the second and gets caught shortly after the third
florida man attempts to dig tunnel into nearby bank
florida man thought he d do donuts on an airport runway. police weren t amused.
florida man "wide neck", arrested in pensacola, has bond revoked.
florida man threw meth-fueled 'death party' for his wife before she died, deputies say. they spent their final moments listen to metal and having sex.
a secret tunnel leads toward a bank. who put it there? florida man
florida man says common core math is dumb. cancels it
florida man shuts down airport doing donuts on a runway.
florida man attempts bank robbery by digging tunnel
florida man discovered tunneling to chase bank
florida man has meth fueled death party for dying wife!!
female florida man caught masturbating in public, continues in back of police car while handcuffed
florida man arrested for pretending to be a ghost during a funeral
florida man jailed for weeks for heroin charge, but powder was actually laundry detergent
florida man cashier puts robber in wwe-style headlock
florida man attempting to rob store put in headlock by giant cashier
florida man accused of assault holds knife to 5-year-old's throat, authorities say
florida man sinkhole is tunnel leading to bank, says fbi
florida man kills entire family execution style after stealing $200,000 to fund obsession with bulgarian cam girl
florida man learns hard way he stole laxatives, not opioids
did florida man dig an underground tunnel in attempt to rob a bank?
florida man drives through fence at airport and does donuts in grass before driving into a hanger
florida man kicks rabid coyote
drunken florida man stabs woman's dog in the back
florida man wired $200,000 to bulgarian 'cam girl' before killing family, deputies say
jail time for florida man who jumped into crocodile exhibit after taking off his crocs
florida man accused of robbing chinese restaurant at finger point
florida man mistook laxatives for opiates
florida man chases cousin and threatens to sacrifice him to satan
florida cop arrests florida man over tide
florida man thinks he s stealing opioids, ends up with laxatives
florida man in for a crappy day
florida man kills parents after stealing money from them to fund porn addiction
florida man spends 41 days in jail for heroin, turns out to be detergent
next week on the misadventures of florida man: florida man gets arrested for 41 days because he has meth but turns out, it s just detergent!
florida man killed family after fight over $200,000 he sent to online  girlfriend,  cops say
florida man gets 10 days in jail for attack on man in minion costume
florida man discovers tunnel leading from wooded area to bank inside sink hole
as a florida man, should i be scared?
florida man trying to steal roommate s prescription pills tricked into taking laxatives, police say
florida man charger with trying to barnacle child molesters
florida man arrested after jumping in to the crocodile exhibit after taking off his crocs
florida man charged with attempting to  barbecue  child molesters
florida man drives through fence at pensacola airport, does doughnuts in grass near runway, in hangar
friend moves to fllorida, becomes florida man.
florida man digs underground tunnel to rob a bank.
florida man arrested after attacking girlfriend with taco bell
florida man digs tunnel to bank, disguises as sinkhole.
florida man ordered to pay $1 billion for ponzi scheme that victimized seniors
florida man threw methfueled party for his wife before she died
florida man finds a wwii grenade, places it in his truck, drives to taco bell
florida man busts through fence and does donuts in a hangar
florida man throws meth fueled death party
florida man held captive for 2 days, violated with broomstick
florida man throws meth fueled death party for his wife
florida man arrested for throwing girlfriend in pool to sober up
florida man threw wife meth-fueled 'death party' before she died, deputies say
wide neck' florida man arrested again in pensacola, has bond revoked
florida man assaults wife with taco bell burrito.
florida man accused of stealing hydrocodone made off with laxatives instead
florida man takes stolen laxatives instead of opioids
florida man attempting to make off-the-grid survivalist residence gets drunk, plays taps and shoots multiple rounds into the night
florida man can enter perry from both ends.
florida man mistakes laxatives for opioids
florida man accused of attacking girlfriend with banana
florida man corrections officer masturbates while following attractive female around dollar general store
florida man run over, killed by his own truck in driveway
florida man attacks woman in palm bay over too much tv talk
florida man legislator sponsors bill that would have students learn alternatives to climate change and evolution because 'nothing is ever settled if it s science, because people are always questioning science.'
florida man steals laxatives from bottle labeled as opiates
florida man tries to pick fight with sarasota laundromat
you won t believe what florida man and florida woman are hiding or where they hid it, in this week s florida men podcast
florida man arrested for killing parents and brother, stealing $210k
florida man who jumped into crocodile exhibit gets a year in jail
florida man killed family after fight over $200,000 he sent to online  girlfriend,  cops say
florida man robs restaurant with finger gun, charged with armed robbery.
florida man finds hand grenade, brings it to taco bell
florida man gets into messy situation
florida man jumped into crocodile exhibit after taking off his crocs
deputy said it was heroin. florida man released after it turned out to be tide detergent; deputy fired.
florida man stole laxatives instead of opioids
florida man drives his car into the water because jesus said so
florida man pleads guilty to minion attack, gets 10 days in jail
florida man murders parents and steals $210k to send to porn site "girlfriend"
sarasota florida man mcdonald's workers open restaurant after-hours to feed little girls after father was arrested
florida man stole laxatives thinking they were pain killers, police say
florida man killed family after being kicked out for stealing $200g for obsession with porn site model
florida man found a grenade while fishing and then took the explosive to taco bell
florida man climbs through car window to steal $1
florida man accused of killing family after being kicked out for stealing $210k for obsession with porn site model
florida man thinks he's stealing pain pills, ends up with laxatives
https://fox6now.com/2019/01/29/jail-time-for-florida-man-who-jumped-into-crocodile-exhibit-wearing-crocs/
florida man accused of smashing taco bell burritos in wife's face during argument
jail time for florida man who jumped into crocodile exhibit wearing crocs
florida man learns hard way that he stole laxatives, not opioids.
a florida man found a grenade while fishing and then took the explosive to taco bell
florida man suffocates to death having sex with pet anaconda
florida [wo]man killed, dismembered boyfriend in rv
florida man leaps from moving vehicle
florida man finds wwii grenada in lake... then brings it to taco bell
because  florida man finds grenade while fishing  wasn t punchy enough.
when  florida man finds ww2 grenade while fishing  isn t punchy enough.
florida man finds grenade while fishing, threw it in his trunk, and drove to taco bell before calling the police.
florida man finds a grenade while fishing and takes it to taco bell
florida man says syringes found in his rectum aren't his
florida man found some extra spice
florida man fishes out ww2 hand grenade, goes to taco bell
while in prison, florida man got chinese takeout, sat in guard station in exchange for tax advice, investigation finds
florida man put gun in woman's mouth during fight over tv, police say
florida man forces handgun in woman's mouth after complaint he was talking too much during tv show: police
florida man says he  had to  beat up his mom because she s a  narcissist, 
florida man forces handgun into woman's mouth after complaint he was talking too much during a tv show, police say
man in florida discovers wwii hand grenade, drives it to local taco bell
florida man purposely crashes car to prove intersection is unsafe
florida man sought violent sexual encounter with child
a florida man found a grenade while fishing and then took the explosive to taco bell
florida man finds wwii grenade magnet fishing, takes it to taco bell
florida man allegedly killed family execution-style over $200,000 obsession with bulgarian cam girl
florida man is behind bars after stealing what he thought were hydrocodone pills, but which turned out to actually be over-the-counter laxatives
florida man reels in ww ii-era grenade, brings it to taco bell
florida man stole $200k for bulgarian woman he met on adult website before killing his family, cops say
florida man arrested for trying to barbecue child molesters
read whole story) florida man drops down pants and sodomizes punk flamingo to death
florida man finds authentic wwii hand grenade while magnet fishing and clears out a taco bell
florida man attempts to flee from police. forgets he doesn t know how to swim
florida man tries to barbecue child molesters
florida man finds hand grenade; takes it to taco bell
florida man finds hand grenade while magnet fishing but drives to taco bell before calling cops
armed and dangerous  florida man caught after three found shot dead in home
florida man drives around with stack of cash outside window.
florida man finds grenade while fishing, brings it to taco bell
florida man pays in alligator?
florida man arrested by fbi for witness tampering, obstruction and lying to the house intelligence committee
florida man is not surprised where florida man stories exist: anyone else?
florida man almost dies trying to wrestle a crocodile
florida man terrorized iraqi family, said  trump will handle it : deputies
what s the #2 state for  florida man  type activity?
florida man (secretary of state) resigns after photos emerge of him at a halloween party in black face mocking hurricane katrina victims
florida man pays someone else $0.27 so that he can have $420.69 in his bank account.
florida man declares innocence, flashes nixon wave
naked florida man burns down house while baking cookies on george foreman grill
hate crime charge possible for florida man who pulled gun, yelled slurs at black kids on mlk day
florida man appears in blackface as  katrina victim  before being appointed secretary of state, of florida.
florida man and secretary of state michael ertel resigns after halloween blackface photos emerge
trump will handle this : florida man tried to force iraqi family out of his neighborhood, police say
florida man arrested by fbi. claims he  saw it coming .
florida man gets confronted by fbi at his house.
florida man goes to party in blackface, later achieves high office.
florida man who can't swim jumps into lake to avoid arrest, gets rescued, then arrested
florida man causes $100k in damage to walmart liquor store under construction with hot wired forklift; gives police his name as "alice wonderland" and says a hookah-smoking caterpillar told him to do it.
florida man arrested for attempting to  barbecue  child molesters
florida man arrested after pulling a gun on a driver who tried to pass him
florida man secretary of state quits after blackface images emerge
florida man arrested by the fbi and indicted by robert mueller's office
florida man finds a way to change their balance to $420.69
florida man pulls gun on driver who tried to pass him
dog-stealing florida man arrested for witness tampering
florida man teen sets mom on fire with a molotov cocktail, attacks her with baseball bat
corrupt florida man was arrested for lying for a corrupt, lying president
florida man goes into bank, holds people hostage, kills 5 people, dials 9-1-1 himself, and surrenders to police.
florida man spotted after sexually assaulting a toaster oven and neighbor's 69 goldfish
5 dead after florida man opens fire inside suntrust branch
florida man who can't swim jumps into lake to avoid arrest
florida man hunts pigeons with a net
florida man, secretary of state, resigns after blackface photos emerge
trump will handle it': florida man arrested for allegedly harassing iraqi neighbors
florida man, and secretary of state, resigns after photos surface showing him in blackface
florida man who happens to be secretary of state resigns after photos emerge of him wearing blackface as katrina victim at halloween party
florida man dresses up in blackface for halloween after hurricane katrina.
florida man who can't swim jumps into lake while fleeing police, gets arrested
florida man jumps into lake to avoid getting arrested, can t swim, gets rescued then arrested
let s do this, fat boy : florida man accused of fighting building staff
florida man who cant swim jumps in lake to avoid cops
florida man shocking video shows man catching pigeons with net in florida parking lot
florida man breaks into a burger kink and drinks a gallon of deep frying oil
florida man caught masturbating in the pillow aisle at walmart
florida man robs store to show his mother that he is independent.
florida man robs store to show his mom that he is independent.
time traveling florida man!
florida man xxxtantacion train food animated
meet the crime bustin  horse who help deputies take down florida man on the run.
florida man (and hallandale beach mayor) to female commissioner: you make a living off anal bleaching. it s a #metoo moment, she says
florida man couple lying in the street watching the eclipse get run over by cop
florida man gets laid for $5 and pringles, shoots the woman she she won t refund his $5!
episode 7: florida man takes a vacation
florida man podcast #36: three hungry criminals and a hide &amp; seek loser
florida man and wife steal four million dollars for gold, guns and ammo
florida man struck and killed on northern california highway
gay florida man try s to burn down friends hours with red sauce
florida man caught on video hunting pigeons with a net (and the subreddit gets a mention!)
florida man and woman sell houses they don't own, making one nurse homeless
florida man and woman steal $5,000,000 to prepare for 'fall of us government'
florida man moves into new neighborhood, menaces iraqi family next door, tells deputy  trump will handle it  and gets arrested
florida man who can t swim jumps into lake to avoid police
florida man kills 5 in bank robbery/standoff
florida man shoots, kills 5 in a bank
florida woman performs sex act at a gas station for 5 dollars and some pringles. gets shot by florida man after refusing to refund him.
florida woman performs sex act for 5 dollars and some pringles on florida man. gets shot after refusing to refund him.
florida man frozen in car
florida man arrested after he allegedly tried to sell batman comics from $1.4m collection, cops say
run fat ass': moment an elderly florida man, 72, tries to run over his neighbor with a tractor after getting into an argument
florida man tried to rob two banks. but cops say when he got nothing, he came back
florida man drives ferrari 360 into a lake because jesus told him to
florida man pulls gun on anti-gun protesters
florida man pulls gun on teens during "bikes up, guns down" protest
attention walmart shoppers! florida man is now masturbating in the pillow aisle!
florida man visiting michigan ends up freezing to death
florida woman shot by florida man over bag of chips.
florida man couldn t wait for lobster fest and burglarized red lobster
william shatner tries to stop florida man who claims to be his son from changing his last name to shatner
florida man who says his father is william shatner files petition with court to change his last name to shatner, but william shatner fights back
florida man visiting michigan freezes to death
florida man) florida sheriff's deputy resigns after sending fake bomb to co-worker
william shatner tries to stop florida man who claims to be his son from changing last name to shatner
florida man stopped in police to pet cat
florida man stopped during police chase to pet cat
florida man drags gator across football field by genitals
florida man arrested after drawing gun, using racial slurs during mlk day event
florida man arrested after $1.4 million comic books heist
florida man running from police was stopped by an 8 year old horse named shiloh
florida man who can't swim jumps into lake trying to escape deputies, has to be fished out
florida man beat his mom  because she was a narcissist,  deputies say
florida man arrested for stealing $1.4 million of batman comics
florida man killed by michigan weather.
florida man forgets gun is loaded, shoots and kills friend, cops say
baby of florida man walks to police with hands up as if she's being arrested
florida man spends day cleaning veterans tombstones.
florida man mayor resigns due to 'inappropriate texting'
florida man tries to rob store to prove to mom he's  independent'
florida man falls victim to malfunctioning flux capacitor and florida women ride tricycles, apparently
florida man tries to rob bank, says he wants to go back to jail: police
florida man worried about vampires burns down his house, police say
florida man locks keys in car to keep cops from searching it
florida man sent back to jail after not paying for taxi ride home from jail
florida man officer ran over pair lying in road to watch lunar eclipse, says police
florida man arrested after urinating on girlfriend's in-law's carpet during thanksgiving gathering
move over florida man, cops see new hampshire man smoking crack and receiving oral sex in car
florida man and friend ran over by cop while laying in the road watching the lunar eclipse
florida man, 49, is arrested after taking his drugs to police in an attempt to press charges against the dealer he believes sold him 'bad meth'
florida man (brothers) do an ama to show how they own trump on twitter, but everyone finds out how they just do ponzi schemes on the poor.
officer ran over south florida man couple lying in road to watch eclipse
florida man tried to rob store to  prove  to his mother that he s  independent .
florida man is run over while laying on the street watching lunar eclipse
florida man, 22, found dead in car during 'extreme cold' in michigan
kfc employee hits florida man in the face with a box of chicken, police say - story
florida man uses fortnite to lure kids into child pornography
florida man says the lord told him to drive ferrari off palm beach dock
florida man fucks fish
florida man pointed gun at florida woman for 'driving slow,' melbourne police say
florida man accused of throwing chair across steak 'n shake
wanted florida man promised officers he would turn himself in when he was finished with his job
florida man, 36, stabs woman in the head with a fork several times during dispute over an under-cooked potato
florida man, 23, 'tried to pay for his mcdonald's drive-thru order with a bag of marijuana'
florida man accidentally gets buried alive, survives!
florida man fortnites and fucks
florida man starts deadly gunfight over bet
crime fighting horses capture florida man on the lam
florida man dies having sex with an alligator.
not a florida man but close enough
video: elderly florida man with 'road rage' fires multiple bullets at driver he followed home
florida man charged with using fortnite to lure brevard teen
florida man spent a million dollars searching for the treasure of a pirate that did not exist
florida (wo)man lied while in sydney
florida man strikes once more
florida man says alligator 'wally' is emotional support animal
horses in pasture chase florida man fleeing deputies
85 y/o florida man shoots at driver in road rage
75-year-old florida man was arrested tuesday after deputies say he had been selling pounds of marijuana on a daily basis
florida man arrested after urinating on girlfriend's in-law's carpet during thanksgiving gathering.
florida man investigator posts details of an abuse case he worked on in reddit, gets suspended
florida man 'went crazy' after finding boa constrictor on his car engine
florida man installs giant wooden dick mailbox
florida man tells neighbors he's going to kill them with kindness, tries to kill them with a machete named "kindness"
florida man kills with kindness
florida man kills with kindness
florida man steals crime idea
florida man accused of luring kids tells cops he can t recall as he  drinks 18-20 beers  before talking to children
florida man who killed man after touching his truck wins on 'stand your ground' law
florida man hit in the face with a box of chicken
wanted florida man promises officers he would turn himself him when he's finished with his job
florida man makes this guy's joke into a reality when he tries to "kill then with kindness" using a machete named kindness
florida man tries to cut his girlfriend's legs with a box cutter while she's using a public bathroom
florida man threatens to kill his neighbor with "kindness", the name of his machete
florida man arrested after trying to pay for mcdonald s with weed
south florida man says 'jesus told me' to drive ferrari into water
florida man fucks flamingo to death
florida man, 52, 'kills mother-in-law' who he blamed for his divorce and then turns gun on himself.
florida man killed while attempting to rape an alligator
florida man threatens to kill neighbor with 'kindness' by naming his machete 'kindness'
florida woman tricks white knights into beating the crap out of florida man
florida man cop fired after saying sand and headache medication was narcotics
florida man, jr.: florida kids conspire to murder other florida kid at their primary school with pliers and a wrench
florida man messes with the wrong person, beaten up by former nfl player who caught him masturbating outside daughter's window
florida man exposes himself to teacher helping him with college application
75-year-old florida man accused of selling pounds of weed every day
florida man beaten to a pulp after being caught peeping into the window of a house of an ex-nfl player
florida man jumps off side of cruise ship
florida man elementary school student planned murder of classmate, brought bag of supplies to school
florida man says syringes found in his rectum aren t his
florida man riding an office chair in a parking lot in his underwear is not arrested.
florida man otter shot by authorities after attacking local residents.
true adventures of florida man" lol had to share
florida man kidnapped scientists to make his dog immortal
florida man abducts scientists to make his dog immortal
florida man growing increasingly suspicious of the perfectly normal day he's having. [satire]
florida woman hits man in face with fried chicken
florida man accidentally kills friend after getting high and (apparently not really) pretending to shoot at each other
florida man attacks neighbors with machete he named 'kindness'
florida man accused of trying to escape police on a kayak.
florida man kills people with kindness
florida man kills people with kindness
florida man threatens to kill neighbor with his machete he named 'kindness'
kill 'em with kindness:' florida man with 'kindness' written on knife accused of assault - usa today
florida man runs from cops dressed as a barbie while riding his pet alligator.
florida woman's threesome adventure ends with florida man lunging at florida woman and calling her poop
florida man shoots cat with crossbow
florida man killed trying to rape alligator
florida man charged after eating patrol car's seat
florida man drives car into lake because "jesus told him to"
florida man drives car into lake because  jesus told him to .
florida man arrested twice in one week for public exposure. real question is, will he go for the hat trick or not?
florida man, zoo employee killed while attempting to rape an alligator
florida man drives golf cart drunk, growls like dog and gives deputies the middle finger
i found the ultimate florida man collection
florida man: a year in review
florida man with machete cuts neighbor, threatens to 'kill'em with kindness'
florida man tells police to shoot him in the leg
florida man accused of raping fish because it  smelled like vagina 
florida man chew up seat of police car after cocaind arrest
florida man threatens to kill someone with 'kindness,' the name of his machete
florida man shot after football
florida man got shot after winn a bet in football
florida man got shot after winning a bet in football.
florida man threatens to kill someone with 'kindness...' the name of his machete [is "kindness", police say]
florida man threatens to kill neighbor with  kindness  the name of his machete
florida man attempted to fool pd with sign on mattress
florida man finds boa constrictor under car's hood
florida man finds boa constrictor under car's hood
a florida man threatened to kill his neighbors with kindness. he then attacked them with a "kindness"-branded machete.
kill 'em with kindness': florida man attacks neighbors with machete named 'kindness,' deputies say
florida man decapitated while trying to jumpstart a helicopter
florida man really letting some woman have it
florida man says he's ending gofundme border wall campaign, vows to build it himself
florida man sheriff's deputy resigns after receiving oral sex from florida woman high school counselor in squad car
florida man charged for 'eating' police patrol car seat after arrest, cocaine trafficking
florida man charged for eating police patrol car seat during arrest, cocaine trafficking
florida man caught using heroin..in police bathroom
florida man (surgeon) fined for removing kidney he thought was tumor
florida man takes 5-foot alligator on beer run
florida man denies ownership of syringes in his rectum
florida man creates go fund me to build wall, had no connection to government or contractors.
what are the prerequisites for being florida man?? i am trying my best to not end up on some newsfeed!
florida man decapitated by helicopter
florida man arrested for shooting up heroin at police station bathroom
florida man charged after chewing up seat in deputy's cruiser
florida man, doctor, removes florida women's kidney that he apparently thought was a tumor
dr. florida man
a florida man brewery created edible six-pack rings that feed animals instead of killing them
florida man says 3 syringes found in his rectum aren't his
florida (wo)man
florida man says he accidentally killed girl s puppy with a pellet gun.
florida man killed by helicopter blade in freak accident at airport
florida man accused of beating teenager with dog leash
florida man fought chicken feces fire on highway 60 west
florida man goes on an adventure! this clip should win an emmy for live action short films. "i just got a crazy drug habit!'
florida man drug-sniffing k-9 called jake overdoses while screening passengers boarding edm party cruise ship
florida man decapitated by helicopter!
florida man and florida woman arrested for having sex in the middle of the road
ratchet fl~9 florida man and florida woman arrested for abusing and molesting black bears  
florida man chews up police car seat after cocaine arrest
florida man decapitated jumpstarting a helicopter with a power cart
florida man walks 10 miles a day for nearly 3,200 days in a row to lose 150 pounds
florida man ends gofundme for boarder wall, will build it himself.
florida man arrested for drunkenly arming himself with a samurai sword.
florida man says he s ending gofundme border wall campaign, vows to build it himself
florida man grabs a machete with the word "kindness" written on it, threatens to "kill 'em with kindness"
florida man attacks father after he finds out he helped deliver him at birth.
florida sheriff/man sends toy bomb to colleague/ex-colleague
florida man resigns after sending police colleague toy bomb
florida man chokes girl until she "saw dots".
naked florida man masturbates on st. petersburg hotel roof.
florida man! is that cheesesteak worth more than your future!?
florida man gustavo falcon "the last cocaine cowboy" arrested
teen florida man accused of keeping venomous snakes in closet
florida man inmate insists syringes pulled from rectum aren t his: cops
florida man being investigated for allegedly making death threats against the family of young man who recently died of cancer
florida man accused of killing chihuahua puppy named 'princess' with rifle, claims shooting was accident
florida man wants to teach son about fire safety, proceeds to burn son with torch
florida man responsible for siring casey anthony trying to save his house from foreclosure after car crash
florida man responsible for the world's most hated florida woman wants to save his house
florida man growing increasingly suspicious of the perfectly normal day he s having
florida woman attacks florida man with bowl of spaghetti
florida man says he accidentally killed 8-year-old girl's puppy with a pellet rifle
florida man launches an all-out assault on mcdonald s employees, kickboxing grandpas, and his sister.
florida man decapitated by helicopter blades at florida airport
florida man allegedly posed as dead wife to cover up murder
florida man kills wife, impersonated her for a year, then kills her family.
classic florida man
florida man decapitated by helicopter at airport in florida, death investigation underway
florida man says syringes found in rectum are not his
florida man arrested for threatening tyler trent's family through facebook
florida man pinellas deputy resigned after mailing a toy bomb to agency lieutenant
florida (wo)man just wants outback.
florida man slams pizza into fathers face after finding out his dad helped with his birth.
florida man arrested for assaulting emt, urinating in front of ambulance
florida man fights to rescue daughter from r. kelly
naked florida man arrested for exposing himself in pool at campground
florida man deputy resigned after mailing a toy bomb to agency lieutenant
florida man crashes car into wall at 116mph and kills his passenger, whose father then sues tesla for making "an unreasonably dangerous car"
florida man arrested after argument over cheesesteak
florida man arrested after argument over cheesesteak
florida man arrested after masturbating naked on hotel rooftop
florida man causes $2,300 in damage by vandalizing park with human feces to ruin principal's party
florida man charged with threatening dead cancer activist's mother
florida woman betsy ross and florida man ponce de le n arrested
florida man accused of breaking into home and then getting naked
accused florida man says cat downloaded child porn, not him
florida man says syringes found in his rectum aren't his
florida man attacks father with pizza after finding out his dad helped deliver him at birth.
florida man makes threats against tyler trent's mother
florida man caught on security camera licking doorknob for three hours
florida man killed his gf, a mother of 2, claiming he just tried to 'scare' her
florida man named drake dragon fire shingledecker fired at a man's car following a physical altercation
florida man drives a ferrari off a dock and into the ocean
donut operator shows some of the best florida man articles of 2018
i thought this belonged here honoring my boy, florida man. https://youtu.be/3vgguoiexve
florida man told cops he 'had to get rid of the devil' after allegedly shooting ex-girlfriend dead
florida man who fired gun downtown had bizarre night
florida man gets into a drunken fight after receiving a philly cheesesteak with a sesame seed bun
florida man hits dad with pizza after finding out his father helped deliver him at birth, deputies say
florida man spray paints swastikas while "filled with hate"
florida man broke into a closed fast food restaurant and drank more than 25 gallons of used oil from the deep fryers.
always the florida man.
florida man denies syringes found in rectum are his
florida man denies syringes found in rectum are his.
florida man beats a man to death with a pogo stick on christmas eve
florida (wo)man tries to kill parents after they don't take her to outback steakhouse
florida man accused of shooting wife, in-laws after seeing video of her cheating with his best friend, police say
mcdonald's employee fights back after florida man attacks her over plastic straw
florida man masturbates outside after mom won't allow porn in the house
florida man / cop fired after showing up drunk at homicide scene
florida man throws pizza at dad after finding out he helped deliver him at birth
florida man shoots cheating wife and her parents after finding sex video of wife with husband's best friend
florida man finds out his dad helped deliver him at birth, throws pizza at him
florida man arrested for beating father with a pizza after learning father helped deliver him at birth.
florida man drives ferrari 360 into ocean at top speed, photos show car submerged 30 feet underwater
florida man delivers
florida man discovers father helped birth him, attacks him with pizza
florida man assaults father with pizza.
florida man who looks like the joker has gofundme page for new teeth
our beloved superhero, florida man, strikes again!
florida man finds out his dad helped deliver him at birth, throws pizza at him, police say
florida man drives ferrari 360 into water at full speed
florida man mugs senior who was a kickboxing champ, loses tko
florida man, florida man, florida man, and florida man decide on a better way to do tequila.
exotic florida birds have "loud, indiscreet sex" and peck at cars, prompting feud involving florida man and florida woman
florida man arrested for throwing pizza at father after finding out his dad helped birth him
florida man attacks parents cause she loves outback steakhouse
florida man finds all of dirk koetter's bucs gear at a tampa goodwill
isn t the florida man but its even better
florida man - teacher caught with student in airbnb rental
florida man drives ferrari off dock, into water on purpose
deputies: florida man admitted to sex with miniature horse
florida man attempts destroying the declaration of independence by stealing 12 donkeys and feeding them laxatives to try and get them to take a shit on it.
florida man in deep shit
florida man attacks mcdonald s employee after becoming upset with the lack of straws in the lobby.
florida man stumbles on biggest rime number.
florida man attacks mcdonald s worker over a straw.
florida man drives his ferrari into the palm beach inlet in true florida man style -- for no apparent reason.
florida man arrested after fight over mcdonald s straw
florida man caught literally red-handed with stolen car that he had spray-painted red
florida man works his cpu to death for 12 days straight
florida man arrested for battering workers at mcdonald's.
florida man tries to mug a senior citizen who happens to be a former kickboxing champion, gets his ass kicked
woa there florida man
florida man delivers handmade clock to leon county sheriff's office
florida man shooting his wife and in-laws on new year's day in front of his crying kids
florida man detective shows up drunk to investigate murder
a florida man arrested for pizza attack on his father.
florida man holds guinness world record for largest collection of fossilized poop
florida man dives headfirst into dumpster during police chase
florida man goes on shooting rampage after finding video of his wife cheating with his best friend
florida man yells at mcdonalds worker. gets quarter pounded by a flurry of filet o' fists.
florida man doesn't get straw, attacks mcdonald's employee
florida man declares, "this is the last straw" and proceeds to pummel fast food worker.
florida man attacks mcdonald s employee over a straw
florida man attacks female mcdonald s worker and she s not lovin  it...
florida man attacks mcdonald's employee over a straw
florida man assaults mcdonald s employee over a straw and gets what he deserves.
florida man : florida mcdonald's worker defends self in straw fight video
florida man steals half a million dollars worth of tequila for new year s eve party!
florida man arrested at trump resort; was there to talk  trillions 
florida man attacks mcdonald's employee over straw
florida man grabs female mcdonald's cashier, gets socked in the face.
florida man arrested after starving dogs found eating one another, police say
ballad of flurda main (the florida man song)
florida man attacks mcdonald's employee, gets beaten up
florida man arrested for attacking mcdonald s employee over not getting a straw.
10 crazy but true adventures of florida man
florida man attempts to barbeque child molesters
florida man thought it would be a good idea videoing himself vandalizing a patrol car
florida man x4 accused of stealing $500k in stolen tequila
nj panhandler to become florida man
florida man and mcdonalds employee fight over straw ban
florida man drives ferrari submarine
florida man threatens mcdonald s employees with a gun over broken ice cream machine
florida woman grandma pokes eyes of florida man in brawl involving deer antlers
florida man finds 60 pounds of cocaine in the ocean
florida man arrested after malnourished dogs found eating each other
florida man in prison allowed to sit in guard station &amp; order chinese takeout after giving guards advice on their taxes
florida man assaults florida woman at mcdonald's over straw
florida man attacks black female mcdonald s worker, receives large surprise order of  that smoke 
florida man beaten to death with pogo stick on christmas eve
florida man arrested for attacking mcdonald's employee because they didn't have any straws
florida man assaults mcdonald's employee, she fights back
florida man doing target practice in his yard ends up shooting neighbor sitting at her kitchen table
florida man, it's almost here.....     
florida man resolves to continue being world's worst superhero in 2019; makes good on resolution already
florida man drowns when wheelchair falls into pool
florida man hauls in 60 lbs of peruvian marching powder.
florida man and his three buddies steal $500,000 in patron tequila from a semi trailer at a truck stop, then get caught loading all of it onto another truck about 15 miles away
florida man flees nail salon to avoid payment kills employee
florida man believes if you can't hit the target in your back yard, the neighbor lady will do just fine.
florida man tells story how he developed sexual relationship with female dolphin named dolly in floridaland: "dolphin lover - the real life shape of water"
florida man arrested for allegedly stealing $500,000 of tequila on new year's eve
florida man upset over 1$ jump in cigarettes, so reasonably threatens clerk with rifle
florida man- wildlife officials arrest 9 for baiting bears with doughnuts, mauling them using hunting dogs: 'this is not sport'
how is this asshat of a florida man still employed as the broward county sheriff?
florida man shoots neighbor dead for arguing with his girlfriend on christmas
florida man returns home to find neighbor claimed half his driveway with cinder block wall
florida man arrested for having sex with family s pitbull more than 100 times
florida man worried about vampires intentionally burns down his home.
two florida man boys arrested after defecating at a post office and vandalizing a park
florida man films viscous animal attack
florida man drives his ferrari off a dock
florida man takes his ferrari for a dip in the ocean
florida man starts gofundme to pay for tunnels under trump's border wall
florida man poses as doctor, leaves patient with deformed 1-inch penis
florida man returns to store with rifle, charged with assault with deadly weapon...over price of two packs of cigarettes
11 times "florida man" made us lol and smh in 2018
florida man bites off his brother's penis...
florida man brings loaded assault rifle into store over dispute on cigarette price
tiger owning florida man stalked by mdpd officer after he began dating the officer s ex-wife
florida man assaulted for urinating on the floor of a myrtle beach apartment
florida man plays bongos naked, carries gator around store, takes monkey along for car theft and does lots of other weird stuff in 2018.
florida man brings loaded assault rifle into store over dispute on cigarette price
florida man drops stolen tv from getaway scooter in davie, fl
florida man gets pulled over for speeding, realizes cops can't search what they can't open
upset about price of cigarettes, florida man threatens store clerk with rifle.
florida man gets a shout out in the video game "hitman 2"
florida man, 82, allegedly shoots and kills son during christmas day argument
florida man bites off his brothers penis after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket
florida man kills son
florida man kills son on christmas
florida man drives ferrari into palm beach inlet
florida man use scooter to steal 43-inch tv
florida man starts gofundme to build a tunnel under trumps boarder wall.
florida man starts gofundme to build tunnels under future border wall
florida man bites off brothers penis
florida man just wanted a taste
florida man arrested after recording 'upskirt' video of female shopper
florida man arrested after setting fire to walgreens
memes and roblox are sexist! florida man and florida woman! bloxynews
florida man accused of setting fire in walgreens in chattanooga
florida man hacks billboard with satanic corgi and 'naughty' gorilla
florida man has infinite money this house means nothing.
florida man loses his pants during burglary
florida man try s to pay for mcdonald s with weed
florida man shot his son dead on christmas day and it wasn't the first time he shot him
bad excuses, drunken brawls, and crocodile tears: the best of florida man in 2018
florida man screamed about vampires before burning down daytona house
florida man finds the largest known prime number on his fourth try.
exploding vape pen kills a florida man
florida man bites off brother's penis after finding him having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket
florida man (x9) arrested in florida for  baiting, taking and molesting  black bears
way to go florida man! florida man finds largest known prime number on his fourth try
florida man and 17 other florida men fight at local chuck e cheese
florida man shoots, kills son to save younger son during fight over billiards game
video shows florida man drunk driver weaving on i-95   without 2 tires
florida man grinch has sex in the bathroom and destroys christmas decorations before vacating the premises
florida man comforts dog hit by car
florida man child welfare worker charged with possessing child porn
florida man strikes again?
florida man bites off his brother's penis after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket
florida man used remote-controlled license plate shield to avoid tolls
request] how is baby in the florida (wo)man case where child is thrown from drugged mother's arms while running from the cops?
request] update on florida man case where infant is thrown from mothers arms while running from the cops
florida man dealt with some weird florida animal situations this year
florida man finds largest prime number on hus fourth try
florida man goes to christmas festival with giant sign, screams 'santa isn't real' for hours.
florida man has a crackhead throwing competition
florida man eats a whole lot of ham on livepd
just entered florida man territory for a week vacation. any advice other than  avoid playstation-related arguments ?
florida man crashes through mall, says he was trying to time travel
florida man has afternoon of stolen rides, bumper cars, and escape.
florida man names yellowknife, nt, canada muskox
florida man wins city-sponsored naming contest: muskox named "elon muskox" from 6000 km away
florida man finds new biggest prime number
florida man requires 15 gallons of water a minute, and $100,000, to make it  snow  in tampa
group of 'florida man' persons arrested for  baiting, taking and molesting  black bears
florida man arrested for false report of getting pulled over by fake cops.
theory: slavoj zizek is florida man
florida man attacks son over cheez-its
florida man steals footlong sandwich, hides it in his pants
florida man tells florida cops other florida man gives him up to 30 lbs of meth to sell
florida man tells florida cops other florida man gave him 30 lbs of meth to sell
florida man resembling santa urinates inside mall at victoria s secret
florida man host of christian radio show it s god's money charged with bilking nearly 40 tampa bay residents out of $6 million
florida man charged for assault with a deadly weapon after throwing alligator into wendy s drive thru
florida man arrested for trying to pay for mcdonalds with weed
florida man beats up girlfriend for not sharing her drugs
florida man gets attacked by a broken chair after discussing pet cat with his ex
florida man dupes texas school district into sending him $2m
florida man takes down 18 foot python, receives $450
florida man shoots son... in order to save other son
florida man steals neighbors christmas wreath, hangs it on his door
florida man hit with a stray bullet at a party... dies ;-(
florida man starts gofundme campaign for trump's border wall, sets $1 billion goal
florida man kills wife, leaves body for children to find, sheriff says
florida man takes vacation from job, opens 10 lines of credit to make it 'snow' in florida
florida man drives 6 miles with his wife, florida woman, on the roof of the suv
florida man with a christian radio show called 'all god's money' tells listeners to invest with him in real estate, loses all $6 million of their money
florida man &amp; guitarist for cannibal corpse has more than 80 firearms and three skulls found in home
florida man arrested for running an illegal dentist office out of a bus
texas school district sends florida man $2 million, believing it was paying a bill
florida man saves a son by shooting a son
florida man takes videos of woman he stalked in wal-mart
florida man patient 0 in zombie apocalypse
florida man, 23, 'tried to pay for his mcdonald's drive-thru order with a bag of weed'
florida man x2 with the mother go out to a nice family shoplifting outing
florida man has half of a beard
florida man tries to pay for mcdonald s with weed.
florida man duped tx school district into sending $2m: feds
florida man who stamped packages of heroin with photos of president trump sentenced to 35 years in prison
florida man pays for food with weed
florida man beats daughter for 40 minutes to the tune of  blurred lines 
florida man dupes texas school district into sending him $2m
2nd update) florida man (and cannibal corpse guitarist) hallucinates about the rapture and aliens, burns down home with about 80 guns inside, and attacks neighbor/cops
florida man arrested after stealing christmas wreath, hanging it on his own front door.
florida man sends in grievances for festivus, florida newspaper publishes them
florida man builds a wall
florida man put semen in coworker s water. florida woman mistakes 37-week pregnancy for bad chinese food. and 10 other 2018 florida man misadventures in pensacola
florida man dupes texas school district into sending him 2 million dollars
florida man went through a mcdonald's drive-thru and tried to pay for his order with a bag of marijuana.
florida man cpa
florida man try s to buy mcdonald s with weed
florida manatees doing remarkably well, despite close proximity to florida man
florida man arrested for punching a five year old in the face, knocking out 2 of his front teeth.
a florida man deputy won't be charged for hitting a pedestrian. even though he was traveling twice the speed and ran a stop sign, all becuase of a low hanging branch.
florida woman sees 17 year old daughter on snapchat having sex and gets 18 year old florida man busted for child porn
florida man eats phone in protest of child molestation
florida man 'with pink eye  tries to use pot to pay for mcdonald's drive-thru fast food, gets arrested
florida man with pink eye tried to buy food with marijuana
florida man tries to but mcdonalds with weed
oregon man, a cousin of florida man? oregon men drunk on hand sanitizer and driving stolen atv after escaping prison work crew get more jail time
florida man shoots one of his sons after two of them got in a fight
florida man attempts to pay for mcdonald's with a bag of weed
florida man democratic state senator caught having an affair with florida woman republican state senator
florida man tries to pay for mcdonald's with bag of weed!
florida man arrested for shoplifting after job interview
florida man runs from a accident
florida man slaps teen in face during dodgeball game: police
florida man allegedly takes and stuns deputy with his own taser
florida man says, if at first you can't win at dodgeball it only makes sense to slap the hell out of your teenaged opponent.
florida man tries paying at mcdonald s drive-thru with marijuana; cops not lovin  it.
elderly florida man veered off the road into a fire hydrant   and then drowned
florida man wants food but only has weed so he makes a bold choice
florida man tries to pay for food at mcdonald's drive-thru with drugs
florida man offers to trade marijuana for mcdonalds meal.
florida man arrested after paying for his mcnuggets in weed
florida man goes all out during dodgeball game.
florida man (cop) hits teen with car and gets away with it.
florida man accused of voting in nh election
south florida man posted bomb instructions for would-be attackers, fbi says
florida man in nyc
florida man tries to escape police by jumping head-first through window wrapped in blanket
florida man eats pancakes in the street
florida man arrested for shoplifting at kohls after job interview
florida man attempts to bring snow to florida, resulting in 47 lawsuits, three dead deer, a sewage spill and several sunburned seals.
florida man rubs one out in sauna
florida man caught watching vr porn in children section of library
blood everywhere': palm springs community furious about florida man eliminating nuisance ducks   with guns
florida man yells 'there's no santa claus' at holiday event, upsets children
florida man masturbates at target
florida man stabs tourist despite having no arms
florida man: ups driver un-delivering christmas packages
florida man gets arrested for trying to trade weed in exchange for gas station hotdog
florida man who works for amazon steals about $4,000 worth of packages and ships customers empty boxes
florida man accused of double murder wheeled into court screaming 'god,' shouts at judge before bond denied
florida man, 81, offered woman money for 8-year-old daughter at port orange walmart
florida horse stomps alligator | florida man
florida man says his takeout food came with soiled underpants
naked florida man shoots officer wirh crossbow.
florida man accused of masturbating in target swimsuit area
florida man gets 18-1/2yrs for selling guns ... he should have seen that coming from all directions
florida man leroy jenkins attacks three patrons at coffee shop by himself, flees, is arrested
a florida man tried to buy oral from an undercover cop and pay with a hamburger
florida man gets 5 years for 4 tons of explosives.
florida man steals footlong by stuffing it down pants
florida woman pulls out knife and threatens a man for complaining about her farts
young florida man flips car while fleeing from other badge wearing florida men
florida man kills roommate over stolen ps4
florida man and florida woman carnival workers among 3 charged with killing couple, burying them in shallow graves
florida man and florida woman kill the woman's wife so they can be together. investigators took more than a decade to figure it out
florida wo(man)
florida man reportedly leaves date to die on busy highway after she falls of motorcycle
update) florida man (and cannibal corpse guitarist) mistakenly thinks rapture is happening, burns down house full of explosive ammunition and attacks neighbor/cops.
deputy cleared for shooting naked florida man armed with crossbow who claimed aliens were after him
florida man posts picture of gun on facebook, threatens to shoot cable company employees because of slow internet, gets arrested
florida man admits to killing his best friend, who police previously thought had been eaten by alligators in 2000.
florida man stuffs foot-long sub down pants in sandwich theft
florida man abandons vehicle and flees on foot when cop just wanted to give him a wal mart gift card.
florida fly flings pee faster than a cheetah can run | florida man
florida man caught selling cocaine and [hair]cuts.
florida man is caught making cannabis oil at fire station
florida man gets dirty underwear in his uber eats delivery
florida man and also guitarist for cannible corpse arrested after northdale home catches fire with ammunition inside
florida man breaks into house, assaults occupants, than charges cops with a knife after his band cannibal corpse was announced as support for slayer's upcoming tour.
florida man accidentally impregnates 16 girls
florida man and cannibal corpse guitarist arrested for 'running toward an officer with a knife' as his home burns down
florida man steals sandwich, conceals it by shoving it down his pants
florida man says he received dirty underwear in uber eats delivery
florida man uses cast to break window and saves elderly florida woman from fire
florida man firefighter uses 'magical butter' machine to make cannabis oil in a fire station, gets caught and arrested
florida man sees his own wanted mugshot, engages with police in funny facebook post
naked florida man burns house down trying to bake cookies on george foreman grill
florida man too fat for jail
florida man arrested after kohl s job interview for allegedly stealing nike shoes  as gift for his mother 
florida man breaks into burger king and drinks gallons of deep-frying oil
florida man nearly runs over elderly woman after snatching purse at mcdonalds
florida man tries to buy gas station hot dog with weed
polk deputies looking for a florida man who shoved foot-long sandwich down his pants
florida man gets newspaper to publish grievances in honor of festivus
florida man as lady voldemort
florida man begs judge to reverse crypto currency fork...
florida man yells  there's no santa' at holiday event
florida man with 650 grams of pot was selling drugs to buy christmas presents, police say
florida man gets shot in head, complains of headache
florida man threatens to feed a rapper and his wife to a 13-foot gator over documentary
florida man dresses as army housewife to trick unsuspecting men into sex.
florida man, what is big lenny? delray misfit, nsfw, vulgar, crass.
florida man arrested for shoplifting after job interview at kohl's
florida man melees police officer at shoe release event
florida man comes to store for job interview, steals shoes on way out, gets arrested
florida man accused of double slaying denied bail, screams in court
florida man offered to have oral sex with officer in exchange for hamburger, police say
florida man surprised by a leaping lemur
florida man ruins christmas for loads of children
florida man turns prius into pick up truck
florida man goes in for a job interview. walks out in handcuffs
florida man asks judge to reverse cryptocurrency fork
let's take a break from florida man, and have a look at california woman.
florida man goes to christmas festival, yells "there's no santa" at kids
canada man rescues florida man from gator!
florida man on i-4 gets pulled over, has lemur jump out of his trailer
florida man on i-4 has lemur jump out of trailer while pulled over
florida man arrested for having sex with mini horse
florida man arrested for shoplifting after job interview at kohls
florida man becomes first person to live with advanced, mind-controlled robotic arm
naked florida man makes cookies on george foreman grill, burns house down
florida woman farts in store, threatens to  gut' man who complains
florida swat member leaves car unlocked so that other florida man can steal sniper rifle
florida man 'wearing a wolf' spotted on interstate
florida man drives his jaguar through the front of a liquor store to check out isle one, then goes to the hospital for minor injuries before coming back to talk to police and driving home.
canadian tourist saves florida man from giant gator.
florida man has sex with dolphin, writes romance novel detailing the whole thing
florida man gets hangry over an undercooked potato, the best of a record-breaking python, a box full of worms, and a florida woman tries to hypnotize an accident victim in the latest episode of the florida men podcast
florida man finds rat inside of school vending machine
florida man arrested after shoplifting from a kohl's right after being interviewed for a job there.
florida man cooks and eats dog.
florida man driving u-haul leads troopers on multi-county chase
florida man driver jumps out of window just before lexus crashes into orlando pond
r/floridaman - tips for high quality submissions
florida man stands in middle of cape coral festival of lights, tells kids santa isn't real
florida man jailed after rape overheard on playstation 4, deputies say
florida man yells santa isn't real at christmas celebration
horny florida man arrested after public intercourse: 'i should just leave her alone, but i can't'
florida man walks into police station and says he wants to be arrested for child porn possession
florida man accused of threatening to kill professor for scheduling early-morning exam
a florida man was taking a horse to get euthanized. the horse had other plans
police: florida woman farts in store, threatens to  gut' man who complains
florida man and florida woman were on a  honeymoon  to cuba   but they stole the yacht they used for the trip.
florida man is my spirit animal
florida man 'deal or no deal' contestant blows $333,000 and then $750,000; wins $5
florida man upset at his buddy for chugging his vodka
florida man student arrested for threatening to kill professor over 7 am exam
florida man who posed as housewife to trick men into sex gets 3 years in prison
alligator still had sneaker in mouth after attacking florida man
florida man and florida woman took a dream trip to zimbabwe. then came the hippo attack.
florida man arrested after offering undercover cop a hamburger in exchange for sex act
florida man is a hero
the time it wasn't florida man's fault
florida man disguised as florida woman buys french bulldog with stolen credit card
florida man (er... grandma) mistakenly booked into all-male jail, staff thought she was transgender
florida man shows up to a bar with a machete, but someone else had a gun, cops say
florida man sentenced to three years in prison for surreptitiously producing and distributing pornographic audio and video recordings of himself engaged in sexual activity with at least 80 others
florida man college student charged with threatening to kill professor for scheduling 7 a.m. final exam
florida man threatens to kill professor for scheduling 7 a.m. final exam, police say.
florida man sold videos of secretly recorded sexual encounters with 80 men: doj
florida man wears dead animal on his head while he rides motorcycle
florida man  upset  by early morning test threatened to kill his professor, cops say
florida man and florida woman go on safari, get attacked by hippo
florida man demoted after wearing qanon patch with vice president pence
floridaman who killed 34 years ago had tattoo of victims name, claims it was a prank, gets convicted.
florida man wrestles 7 feet shark to retrieve nephew's severed arm, drags it (the shark) ashore, where a trooper kills it. the arm was reattached in a hospital.
florida man, doctor, accused of peeing on himself, confessing love to deputy during dui arrest
florida man confesses his love for police officer and then urinates himself.
florida man dials 911 and demands a ride home  to change his underwear  , "suck an ostrich egg, bitch!"
florida man dials 911 and demands a ride home,  suck an ostrich egg, bitch! 
florida man robber crashes mustang into sheriffs vehicle, then flees from more badge wearing florida men.
florida man did it first!
florida man stabs woman in the head with a fork over undercooked potato
florida woman pulls knife on man after he complained she 'farted loudly'
florida man sends nukes to opponents of trump
florida man chef, hells kitchen contestant, arrested for possession of marijuana.
bumbling florida man burglar loses shorts breaking into car dealership
florida man buys boat, grounds it near major highway, can t afford to move it because of nine kids to support so he buys another boat
florida man wears q anon logo on police uniform when meeting vp pence
90 year old florida man arrested for feeding homeless people
florida neck man is walking around taking selfies with fans with a hoodie with his face on it and a jail string for a belt
florida man uses can of beans to stop hammer wielding suspect resisting arrest
florida man and his roommate kills someone over playstation
florida man teen rescued after being trapped in bank vault for hours
florida woman pulls knife on man who complained about her loud fart, police say
florida man loses shorts breaking in to steal ...through the next stores wall.
its no longer just florida man we need to worry about but florida woman as well, a new challenger has arrived
florida man recognizes son stealing from publix and turns him into police. "that is just like joshua. he loves milk"
florida woman passes gas, pulls knife on offended man.
florida man doctor accused of peeing on himself, confessing love to deputy during dui arrest
florida man and florida woman arrested for operating dental practice out of bus
florida man gets drunk, rear-ends 11 different cars in 11 separate incidents
florida woman pulled knife on man who complained about her farts.
florida man, aka the mail bomb maniac, faces new charges of throwing urine on women riding on a moped.
florida man, already on probation, claims to be a priest, inappropriately touches a school girl, and justifies it to police by claiming he  had a special love for her  possibly "in a past life."
florida man broke into a car dealership, video shows. he ended up with his pants down
florida woman farts in store and threatens to gut a man if he complains.
florida man loses his shorts while breaking into a car dealership
florida woman pulls knife and threatens to "gut" florida man who complained about her loud farts
florida couple accused of disemboweling man on thanksgiving
florida man and woman accused of disemboweling man on thanksgiving
florida man named beers arrested from drunk driving..... allegedly
registered sex offender florida man plays santa, gets arrested
florida man acquires 275 gallon container of lube, secedes from the united states
florida man stabs woman over under cooked potato
florida man accused of stabbing woman over under-cooked potato
florida man accused of stabbing woman over under-cooked potato.
florida man and florida man roommate allegedly stabbed their ex-roommate to death because they thought he stole their playstation 4
florida man admitted to sex at least 4 times with mini horse named jackie
florida man, former police chief, sentenced to 3 years in prison for "framing" black men and a teenager
florida man dressed as a naked santa just went shopping at a drug store in south beach
florida man who s a registered sex offender is arrested for working as santa clause.
florida men stab fellow florida man over playstation
florida man explains the universe and wishes 'to put my shoulder under your armpit'
florida woman 'farted loudly,' threatened to 'gut' man who complained about it, police say
florida man rescued after getting trapped in a abandoned bank vault
florida man rescued after getting trapped in abandoned bank vault
florida woman who "farted loudly" threatened to "gut" man who complained about it, police say
florida woman (i know, but still) threatens to stab man she offends with fart
a florida woman faces an aggravated assault charge after authorities say she passed gas in line at a dollar store and pulled a knife on a man who complained about it
florida man secretly virgin fortnite gamer
florida woman pulls knife on florida man after complaining about loud fart.
florida woman after allegedly pulling a knife on a man who was offended by her loud farting
florida woman farts in line then pulls knife on offended man
florida man, employed as a property accessor, accused of having strippers in his office, calling women "whores, skanks and fat-asses"
florida woman accused of pulling knife on man who confronted her about passing gas loudly
florida woman passes gas, pulls knife on man who complained about it
officials: florida woman passes gas, pulls knife on offended man
florida woman passes gas, then pulls knife on offended man
florida woman accused of pulling knife on man who confronted her over loud fart
florida woman pulled knife on man who complained about her farts: police
florida man and woman facing charges for chemistry prank
florida man and woman face charges for chemistry prank
florida woman arrested for pulling knife on a man after he complained about her loud flatulence.
florida man clings to hang glider 4,000 feet above swiss mountains after forgetting to strap in
florida man hangs on for dear life after glider pilot forgets to strap him in
a florida man has been charged after he was allegedly overheard raping a teenage girl during a gaming session, us media report.
florida man arrested after accidentally broadcasting rape on live playstation stream
florida man describes terrifying hang glider mishap over switzerland, hanging on for dear life
florida man   disguised in bull costume   allegedly tried to burn down ex-boyfriend s home with spaghetti sauce
florida man stabbed a woman when she undercooked his baked potato
ever so inebriated florida man thinks he's in an uber on his way to jail
florida man tries to burn down ex-boyfriend's house with spaghetti sauce
florida woman pulls knife on man after loud farting complaints
dispute over potato leads to stabbing, arrest of florida man in nassau county
florida man named beers arrested on dui charge
florida man bites other florida man over vodka, then spits on cop
florida man update- charles dion mcdowell, the "neck guy", training to become mma fighter
florida woman pulls a knife on a man after he commented on her "farting loudly" at the dollar store
florida woman pulls knife on man who confronted her about her loud fart
florida man -- a registered offender -- caught red-suited trying to play santa
florida man takes gaming seriously.
florida man was upset that his buddy was chugging all his vodka. the situation escalated.
florida woman accused of pulling knife on man who confronted her about her loud fart
florida man avoids tolls.
florida man jailed after rape overheard on playstation 4, officials say
florida man wearing crocs gets bitten after jumping into crocodile exhibit at an alligator farm
florida man suffers third-degree burns when vape pen explodes in shorts
florida man returns to finish his laundry
florida man arrested after accidently streaming rape on playstation.
e-fax free for florida man
florida man goes hang gliding without being harnessed in and is left hanging on for dear life
florida man kills baby while changing diaper
florida man turns a new page in life, announcing,  be glad i don t kill people anymore! 
florida man leaves gaming microphone on while he rapes, gets busted
florida man leaves video game mic on during sexual assault
florida man beats baby to death after growing frustrated when changing her diaper
florida man caught on ps4 hot mic as he steps away from gta v to rape a florida teen
florida man checks pants to make sure the family jewels are still there after vape pen explodes in pocket
florida man accused of performing sex act with shrubbery
reverse alimony? florida man, polo developer dates women, then sues them
florida man accumulates 11 hit and runs at once
florida man cooks meth next to county jail
florida man is convicted for operating a commercial aircraft without a valid pilot s license
florida man confesses to having sex with miniature pony
florida man never fails
florida man confesses to having sex with miniature pony, deputies say
florida man reportedly stabbed woman in head with fork over undercooked potato
florida man on drugs kills imaginary friend and turns himself in
man in florida robs store with romaine lettuce ( the #romainerobber) was sent this from a friend in fl
florida man arrested after tricking over 150 straiggg men into doing gay porn
this is one sad florida man
florida man robs store holding romaine lettuce (the #romainerobber)
florida man hid license plate with remote controlled shield to avoid tolls, police say
domestic dispute in walmart leads to fatal shooting by florida man
florida man hid license plate with remote-controlled shield to avoid tolls, police say
florida man urinates at bus stop, flashes officers
florida man doing florida man things in true florida man style
florida (wo)man fleeing from police drops baby on head
florida man hid license plate with remote-controlled shield to avoid tolls
florida man steals truck, proceeds to be so bad at driving he accidentally crashes it into a house (nobody was injured thankfully)
family finds naked florida man in driveway following stabbing
florida man finances new teeth with stolen identity to make himself more presentable for future fraud attempts
florida man shoots woman in walmart garden center, leaves calmly on bicycle.
florida man admits to having protected sex with male pony multiple times weekly
florida man eats meth laced drawings
florida man gets 10 years for tricking straight dudes into doing gay porn.
florida man get charged for eating drawing laced meth in jail.
florida man (woman) drops baby on head after running around in traffic
florida man has both stolen gear and deal alligators in car trunk
florida man shoots at driver who cut him off, says it was self-defense.
florida man owns a rocket launcher
florida man uses remote-controlled device to hide license plate and avoid tolls
wish there was a way to graph which florida region or county produces the most  florida man  stories..
a florida man was arrested for having sex with a miniature horse. 4 times.
florida man has admitted to having sex with male pony
florida man arrested for haning on traffic light
florida man arrested after going to playground, telling children where babies come from   wsvn 7news | miami news, weather, sports
florida man used a stolen id to get dental work done, other criminals encouraged  to look better for future fraudulent transactions  and buys a $10k puppy
florida man accused of sex at least 4 times with mini horse named jackie g
florida man caught having sex with a pony. the man faces four counts of bestiality.
florida man dressed as fred flintstone pulled over for driving 'footmobile'
indiana woman makes florida man podcast extra long.
florida man steals $50,000 to get him a new smile, puppy (and his teeth look fantastic, btw)
florida man uses macgyver remote-control license plate cover in attempt to cheat tolls
florida (wo)man drops baby to flee from police child suffers skull fracture.
florida man disappointed he didn't get a selfie with oj simpson
florida man whose mugshot went viral arrested again
florida man steals cart full of items, tries selling them in store parking lot, police say
parody song for florida man needed
elusive florida man bun caught in maine
florida man says someone broke in his home and left him a load of drugs and cash
florida man (or men) broke into home, ate all the snacks, drank all the booze, left low-quality paintings on the bathroom wall that said "kill"
florida man has sex with tiny horse, "don't worry, i used a condom!"
florida man caught watching vr porn in front of kids at public library
florida man performs marathon comedy set for confused, trapped audience on airport monorail
florida man allegedly had sex with miniature horse 4 times
florida man has sex with miniature horse 4 times in a week
florida man arrested for having sex with a mini horse
in creative defense, florida man argues you can't have your license revoked if you never had one to begin with
florida man has sexy with pony
florida man loses $150m of clients' money
florida man is caught watching porn in a children's section of a library
florida man (teen) strangled his own mother to death after arguing about his grades
florida man tries to steal vending machine
florida man stabs brother in head after argument
florida man accused of stabbing his bullying brother in the head
florida man hit, killed, after getting out of moving uber on i-75
florida man admits to having sex with a miniature pony, sheriff says
florida man watches vr porn in public library; forgets to connect headphones
florida man reportedly had sex with miniature horse named jackie g, used condom to make sure he wouldn't get a disease
florida man parks car in house. (oc)
florida man, tattooed to look like batman villain the joker is arrested again on new gun charges
florida man fortnite dances in an intersection
dedicated florida man lizard taps out.
florida man steals vending machine
florida man to be tried as an adult for killing his mother over 'bad grades'
florida man arrested after telling police he had downloaded illegal p0rn
florida man rubbed wrong way by 'masseuse,' loses $60,000 while his pants are down
florida man animal activist throws a man's tilapia back into a lake and is charged with theft. he fights it, takes the case to trial and loses, has to pay $500 fine.
florida man taken to court after throwing fisherman's tilapia back into the lake in the name of activism
florida man tries to steal car in jail lot on way out of jail, cops say
florida man concerned about herpes-infected monkeys population boom
florida man pleads not guilty over mail bombs sent to trump critics
florida man creates survey to save beaches and waterways!! link below! upvote to get more participants! https://goo.gl/forms/xogqhb22eopeqj1g2
florida man creates survey to help save florida beaches and waterways. upvote to help florida man!!
mugshot of florida man arrested for drug charges goes viral.
a heartwarming florida man story
florida man entered police station, asked to go to jail for child porn
large-necked man and joker lookalike are upping the  florida man  mugshot game
florida man, jesus condom, arrested after trying to abduct a middle school girl.
florida man murders girlfriend but says it's a suicide
florida man heads to trial. the charge: 'interference with taking fish'
florida man has his $50,000 gun stolen from rolls royce
florida man walks into a police station, asks to be arrested for possession of child porn
florida man dressed as florida woman steals a $4,000 puppy, cops say
florida man is caught watching virtual reality porn in a children's section of a library
florida man wearing homemade knife necklace charges at neighbors, sheriff says
florida man dressed up as woman, used stolen credit card and license to buy puppy.
florida man made 'highly volatile' explosive that's popular with isis, police say
florida man with hellacious neck arrested
florida man 'curious' about public masturbation did it because he's 'dumb'
florida man george zimmerman pleads no contest to threatening to feed private investigator to alligator
george zimmerman, florida man, pleads no contest to threatening to feed private investigator to alligator
video: florida man disguised as woman buys french bulldog puppy with stolen credit card
florida man was pulled over in a smart car disguised as fred flintstone s car (pic)
florida man puts provisional ballots up for sale on facebook
joker' florida man arrested again, this time in pinellas county
florida man federal judge: florida is 'laughing-stock of the world' with regards to elections
florida man has huge neck and commits crimes
florida man walks into police station, asks to be arrested for child porn.
florida man walks into jail, asks to be arrested for downloading child porn
florida man animal activist throws an old fisherman's tilapia back in the water to 'save it,' faces criminal charges
florida man did what?!!
florida man with face tattooed to look like the joker arrested again
florida man sex offender hired as a probation officer at a london, ontario, canada office
florida man breaks into st. pete restaurant; strips naked and eats soup
florida man caught with bombs made with material al-qaida calls 'mother of satan'; says he wanted to make fireworks
florida man doesn t realize  it s not a tumor , florida women busted by cop and mom, and a honeymoon hitchhiker
florida man jumps off balcony at drake concert, is hospitalized
florida man says this stupid recount makes me look like a scholar
florida man released from jail then arrested again in the jail parking lot for trying to steal a car
florida man bails out of jail on auto theft charge, tries to steal car out of the jail parking lot, but it belongs to an off-deputy who happens to be sitting inside of it and takes him right back to jail.
florida man breaks into restaurant, strips naked and proceeds to eat noodles and play the bongos.
florida man arrested for speeding in prehistoric smart car
police: florida man dressed up as woman, stole a credit card and license and used it to buy a puppy
florida man with joker face tattoos gets arrested again
florida man made explosives that are popular with isis
florida man dresses in drag to buy puppy with stolen credit card
florida man takes a gator on beer run
florida man arrested for making obscene gestures at disney staffers; refuses to pay $22.64 bar tab
florida man with drugs under his testicles was described as a real nut job
florida man who told cops name was "ben dover" arrested.
florida man fueled by guinness, albuterol crashes truck 20 feet into a store. the store has been destroyed by car crashes four times in four years. let's go to the video
florida man survives chaotic crash unscathed
florida man makes forbes' 30 under 30 list, by playing smash brothers professionally.
florida man (my former teachers husband) created and posted a video online of him raping his less than 2 year old daughter
florida man banned from disney world after flashing trump sign on splash mountain ride
florida man dressed as fred flintstone has 'footmobile' seized in funny traffic stop.
florida man arrested after buying 500 illegal exotic roaches online
drunk florida man gets behind wheel of rv, drives wrong way down highway, crashes into pickup
florida man got drunk at campsite, bit off neighbor s fingertip, police say
florida man jumps into crocodile pit, suffers bite, escapes, gets arrested: police
florida man face new enemy!
florida man takes gators injury cart for joyride around gainesville
florida man breaks into restaurant, gets naked, eats ramen noodles, plays bongos.
florida man starts off as florida toddler with help of mother
florida man trying to break free from tow truck
florida man pimp lives matter, whoreless pimp
florida man wearing crocs gets bitten after jumping into crocodile exhibit at alligator farm
florida man allowed to go on wedding anniversary trip while on house arrest for murder.
florida man allowed to go on wedding anniversary while on house arrest for murder.
top 10 best florida beaches (energy never ends). welcome to best florida beaches which are the places you can get the best of the sun. florida man
florida man accused of stealing $900 from disabled 9 year old
florida man fakes arrest to propose to his girlfriend
florida man bit after jumping into alligator farm exhibit
florida man tells cops his name is 'ben dover'
florida man accused of making child porn with his 2-year-old daughter &amp; posting it on the dark web
florida man allegedly breaks into alligator farm, crocodile bites leg, leaves croc shoe behind
florida man uses air boat to push pickup truck on highway
florida man police officer is off the job after the city's swat team raided the wrong house.
florida man said the devil made him push grandma and cut a 3 year old
he's a mess': witnesses recall finding half-naked florida man bitten by crocodile
florida man rick scott files lawsuit against broward, palm beach county supervisor of elections offices
florida man elementary school principal steals $900 from a 9-year-old student with a mental disability
florida man wearing crocs shoes bitten after breaking into alligator farm
florida man who looks like george bush (43) accused of taking $900 from mentally disabled student while working as the principal
florida man of police removes florida alligator who trespassed at wal-mart
florida man reading a story on his phone about a jack russell terrier being abducted by an old man looks up from his phone to see ... an old man walking a jack russell terrier. he sprung into action ...
florida man charged with raping 2 year old daughter and posting video on dark web
florida man breaks into alligator farm exhibit, gets bitten by crocodile. escapes, leaves croc shoe behind. (x-posted from /r/funny)
florida man attacked after breaking in to alligator pit
florida man, 52, told police that he shot and dismembered his 42-year-old housemate, saying he could 'possibly be the next mass killer that we hear about in the media'
anyone remember a few years back when florida man died from cockroach asphyxiation?
record-setting 17-foot burmese python caught by florida man
florida man burns football flag on car because he s not a fan of the gators
florida man now can t vape in public!
florida man becomes first person to live with advanced mind-controlled robotic arm
florida man breaks into gator farm, strips to boxers, jumps into crocodile pit
florida man hits 142 mph in his police cruiser while on pursuit, catches on fire
florida man (and dr.) removes perfectly healthy kidney thinking it was a tumour.
florida man goes to medical school!
florida man drunkenly kidnaps man to drive him to philadelphia to kill his wife. decides to turn around after he sobers up.
florida man sheriff makes podcast to tell it as it is
half-naked florida man caught on surveillance battling with a crocodile. the croc won.
florida man can vote again!
florida man regains the right to vote (probably celebrating by snorting bath salts)
florida man ron desantis becomes the governor of florida
florida man breaks in to alligator farm and gets bit, crocs and short found along with blood
florida man jumps into crocodile pit at alligator farm
florida man drops 70 gallons of human waste in the road, drowns a disabled dog, ignites a bomb scare, and calls a wrong number for a ride.
florida man brews pot of coffee, smokes cigarette during burglary, deputies say
florida man wearing crocs breaks into crocodile farm -- gets bitten, then arrested
florida man jumps into crocodile pit at alligator farm
florida man cop nabs alligator trespassing at walmart
crocodile takes bite out of crime when half-naked florida man breaks into exhibit for a swim
florida man breaks into alligator farm, gets bitten after jumping into pond full of crocodiles
florida man is also a surgeon
florida man claims he killed, dismembered roommate because he was possibly  next mass killer.'
florida man runs out of gas. uses airboat to push truck to gas station.
florida man jumps into crocodile pit, gets bitten
florida man breaks into alligator farm, gets attacked by crocodile, - and yes he was wearing crocs
police say a florida man, wearing crocs, gets bitten in the foot after jumping into a pond full of crocodiles
florida man claims he killed, dismembered roommate because he was possibly  next mass killer,  cops say
florida man tries to return his burger king order, gets attacked
florida man leading in polls for governor despite numerous fbi corruption probes
florida man or women are willing to do amazon review? free bluetooth headphone, us$3 commission lol
florida man kills mom over an argument because of his bad grades
florida man comes home after spending two terms as maine's most hated governor ever
sword-swinging florida man says he s a witchcraft victim and cursed during incident entirely un-related to halloween.
florida man decides to supplement his meager income as a school security officer by selling cocaine on campus
florida man, in boxers and bloodied, suspected of jumping into crocodile exhibit
florida man jumps into alligator exhibit
florida man breaks into st. augustine alligator farm, jumps into crocodile pool
fed up with robocalls, florida man threatens to blow up supervisor of elections
finding the florida man - the daily show
florida man, just tryin to pass a drug test
florida man makes his election day appearance
florida man injured by crocodiles after jumping into alligator farm
florida man fights yoga studio shooter with broom
florida man strips down to his underwear &amp; crocs, jumps into crocodile pool, gets bitten, climbs out and jumps in again
florida man threatens to blow up elections office
florida man tries to flee cops on bike with large amount of drugs commonly used for human and animal anesthesia
florida man combines off shore drilling and baking in enclosed workspaces on the same amendment
florida man bitten after jumping into alligator farm exhibit
florida man leaves sign outside of polling place saying to praise jesus and not vote democrat (he's the pastor)
florida man bitten after jumping into an alligator farm exhibit
florida man. crocodile hunter.
a young florida man i went to high school with
florida man strangles mom after arguing over bad grade. buries body in church firepit, then tries to cover up murder by staging a break in with friends.
florida man, running for office on "make sweetwater great again" campaign, arrested for trafficking in yayo
florida man removes womans kidney mistaking it for tumor
florida man teen kills mother in argument over bad grades
god damn florida man
florida man arrested in inflatable dinosaur costume on battery charges
shirtless drunken florida man punches woman sitting on top of mobile home, goes door to door barging into homes demanding residents fight him, steals slice of pizza, knocks down a chainlink fence... passes out.
roses are red, there is no democratie
florida man teen kills mom after argument over bad grade
young florida man kills mother over bad grade
florida man kills mom after argument over bad grade
florida man accused of knowingly transmitting hiv
florida man: judge sentences man who beat women to death with fists to 25 years
florida man overestimates the value of cotton in florida's economy
florida man calls it weekending.
florida man is a yoga nut.
florida woman use alarm clock to stab florida man
florida man shoot 2 and wounds 4 at hot yoga studio. you can say things got a little . . . heated. yeeeeaaaahhhh!!!!!
hiv-positive florida man who allegedly raped 14-year-old told girl: "you wanted it, too. don't lie"
florida man: the early years
florida man drives usps priority mail success
florida man defecates in jewelry store parking lot
finding florida man | the daily show
florida man: the daily show
florida man kicks bear to save dog
florida man talks to the daily show
florida man... charms the neighbours?
florida man featured on the daily show with trevor noah
florida man arrested for throwing adult toy on field during bills game on monday night
florida man charged with throwing sex toy on field during monday night football game.
florida man bites deputy, k9 bites florida man
florida man rescued from well in deland, says he went in  just to say that he did'
florida man teacher has sex with 2 students who found out and told his wife.
daily show' uncovers the real reason 'florida man' is so dang weird
florida man has haunted doll and snowbird builds haunted hotel (bonus: phil gets an unexpected phone call from some clown)
unknown florida man is tying red balloons to sewer grates for the heck of it
florida man turns himself into human boat trailer hitch
florida man barges into homes looking for fights, gets pizza and arrest
florida man (mayor of town) trades humps (sex) for (speed) bumps
trapped florida man rescued
florida man becomes mayor and solicits sex in exchange for installing speed bumps
florida man does crack, crawls through sewer pipe singing "amazing grace"
florida man dumps full port-a-potty onto family's driveway
florida man who is a mayor accused of soliciting sex in exchange for installing speed bumps
florida man, as mayor, accused of soliciting sex for the installation of speed bumps
florida man gets naked, throws undies at police in front of school, second time in less than a week
mayor florida man accused of soliciting sex in exchange for installing speed bumps
florida man climbs into deep well to 'say he did it'
video: deputies rescue florida man stuck in well
florida man protestors say "nobody wants less penis"
florida man climbs down well  to say that he did it,  gets trapped
florida man threw sex toy on field at bills-patriots monday night football game, cops say
florida man attempts to buy 8-year-old at walmart for $200,000
florida man sues school after football coach pep speech saying, "rape and pillage the other team"
florida man ties drugs to testicles in nutty case
florida man sues after coach gives pep talk saying to, "rape and pillage"
florida man  protector  of panama city suburb shot at truck, yelled racial slurs, police say
florida man beats ex-wife, drowns chihuahua in backyard pool
florida man drowns chihuahua in backyard pool
florida man arrested for allegedly assaulting girlfriend while dressed as dinosaur
florida man running for u.s. senate walks away from news reporter after being asked if he supports trump ending birthright citizenship
florida man mayor accused of soliciting sex in exchange for speed bumps
florida man dresses up as terminator with live ammo and shows up in class at ucf and is then arrested. hasta la vista baby
florida man in dinousaur costume assaults girlfriend for not going to party
florida man charged with throwing a sex toy onto the field at last night's buffalo bills game.
florida man accused of throwing sex toy on field during buffalo bills' game
no matter what state he is in, florida man cannot behave.
florida man charged with throwing sex toy on field during monday night football game
florida man sues tesla over autopilot feature, crash
florida man with  intense blood lust  wanted to rape, cannibalize baby, sheriff says
photos: florida man in sebring becomes human boat trailer hitch
florida man says he didn't expect backlash over father-son nazi costumes
florida man and wife attack men over speedos
florida man runs marine corps marathon barefoot, wearing a kilt
florida man threw another man off bridge, arrested after spotted by passing police officer
for national cat day: florida man artist compulsively paints cats to explore 'existence, hopelessness and the absurdity of life'
florida man jumps into ocean after attacking birthday party.
florida man jumps into ocean after attacking birthday party, deputies say
florida man: woman punches store clerk in face after being asked to leave, deputies say
florida man turns himself into human boat trailer hitch
florida man with half a head arrested for attempted murder
florida man makes it easy for cops to catch him.
florida man won't be compelled to reveal iphone passcode, yet
naked florida man arrested for punching police k-9
florida man wants to bomb target
florida man beats alligator with a shovel after using raw meat to lure if from pond.
florida man makes a dank beat
florida man dumps 70 gallons of human feces on roadway
florida man charged in connection with 14 bombs sent to trump critics
mail bomb suspect arrested, identified as florida man
florida man arrested for mailing bombs to trump supporters
as a florida man....
florida man, cesar sayoc jr., arrested in probe of mail bombs targeting obama, clinton and other trump critics
florida man dies in explosion from microwaving a microwave
florida man charged after bombs sent to trump critics
florida man uses private plane to draw giant radar penis
florida man dies in explosion after attempting to microwave a microwave.
florida man save you....i cant
my original song "florida man". let me know what y'all think!
florida man is sending bombs to trump's critics
caught on camera: florida man police major pulled over for speeding by fellow officer www.wptv.com
naked florida man punches police dog.
florida man arrested after dumping 70 gallons of poop on road
florida man found with over 90 grams of oxycodone in ice cream carton
florida man beat alligator with shovel after using raw meat to lure it from pond, police say
florida man arrested in connection with recent mail bombings.
florida man arrested in connection with explosive packages
florida man (original song). let me know what y'all think!
florida man arrested in connection with mail bombs sent to public figures, official says
florida man arrested in connection to mail bombs
florida man suspected of being mail bomber.
florida man arrested in connection with pipe bombs sent to trump critics
florida man arrested in connection with pipe bombs sent to top democrats.
florida man arrested as suspicious packages targeting james clapper, sen. cory booker are found in midtown and in florida
florida man arrested for groping woman in southwest flight, says  president trump says it s ok 
florida man possibly sent the mail bombs
florida man taken into custody in connection with mail bomb plot
of course it was florida man!
florida man taken into custody in connection with mail pipe bomb plot
florida man wants to know why his post removed?
the magabomber is not floridaman and posts about them will be removed.
florida man arrested in connection with mail bombs sent to public figures
florida man jailed after taco tossing tiff in stuart
florida man arrested for sending bombs to politicians and media
florida man is in custody and is expected to be charged in connection with a sweeping investigation of the 12 bomb-like devices addressed to prominent democrats
florida man arrested in political mail bomb case
florida man to be charged over mail bombs; booker, clapper latest to be sent packages
florida man arrested in attempted mail bombings
florida man sends bombs to politicians and reporters
south florida man, cesar sayoc, arrested in plots to send bombs to trump critics
florida man arrested for sending pipe bombs to democrats
florida man tries to climb nh mountain, gets stuck in snow, and becomes first person of the season to need rescue.
florida man squanders fame and fortune just to watch hulk hogan bang his wife
florida man at it again.
florida man sends explosive devices to trump critics
florida man arrested for being the maga bomber, sending bombs to trump critics
florida man squanders fame and fortune to watch hulk hogan do his wife
florida man arrested for mail bomb plot targeting trump critics
florida man arrested for sending mail bombs to trump critics.
florida man doesn t like democrats
maga bomber" florida man arrested
florida man arrested in mail bombing case.
florida man arrested in connection with mailed pipe bombs
florida man arrested in mail bombs case
florida man stole my tractor!
so i know you said that the bomber was not floridaman but the news just broke that it was a man from florida...
florida man arrested in probe of bombs mailed to trump critics
you went to far this time florida man
florida man is a terrorist
florida man cesar sayoc is charged on five counts over us mail-bombings, including threatening two former presidents.
florida man cesar sayoc charged with five federal crimes in bombs sent to obama, clinton and others
florida man arrested in connection with a mail-bombing campaign aimed at critics of us president donald trump.
florida man held after anti-trump campaign with mail bombs
florida man arrested over us mail bombings targeted at prominent democrats
feds charge florida man with mailing improvised bombs to trump political critics
florida man arrested for allegedly firing upon family
florida man arrested for sending bombs to critics of donald trump
florida man arrested for sending bomb packages to trump critics
florida man arrested as 4 more suspicious packages are intercepted
florida man charged with 5 federal crimes for sending out pipe bomb packages
a florida man with a long criminal history was charged friday in the nationwide mail-bomb scare targeting prominent democrats
florida man arrested in connection to the bombs sent to critics of trump
florida man creates explosive devices and sends them to anyone trump has targeted in the past.
florida man arrested for sending pipe bombs to trump critics
florida man arrested for sending bombs to trump s critics.
florida man and wife smuggle quarter pounders and chicken wings into jail.
florida man sends pipe-bombs to prominent critics of his favorite politician
magabomber is florida man
florida man mails bombs to obama, clinton, rover de niro, biden,geordie soros, sitting congressman, and cnn.
florida man suspected of mailing more than a dozen bombs
florida man arrested for mailing bombs to political party
the magabomber is not florida man... this is florida man!
florida man dies while microwaving a microwave.
florida man in custody in connection with bomb packages sent to top dems
florida man and his shenanigans
florida man breaks into home to masturbate, and instead flies owners s rc helicopter, eats a salad.
florida man sends explosive packages to various well known individuals
florida man documents farts online and is immediately fired
florida man says "a ghost named bill" told him to smash a tv to get out of jail
florida man offers florida woman speed bumps for sex
young female florida man planned to slice classmates up with a pizza cutter
2 florida man girls accused of plan to kill classmates and drink their blood
florida man kills imaginary friend and turns himself in
florida man mailed about a dozen pipe bombs to political opponents and critics of president trump, apparently
florida man terrorizes democrats with pipe bombs
of course. florida man engages in domestic terrorism...
florida man found passed out with arsenal in his vehicle.
florida man vs federal law
florida man or woman may have sent pipe bombs to prominent trump critics and to cnn
investigation into pipe bombs turns toward florida man as more trump critics are targeted
florida man dumps 70 pounds of human feces on punta gorda road
trump 'says it's ok,' says florida man accused of groping passenger on southwest flight
florida man shoots another for refusing a shot, another loses his toe, florida woman  trips  and stabs her husband, another swallows a crack pipe. plus squallies.
drunk florida man takes swing at jetblue employee at orlando intl. airport, police say
florida man selling meat door to door refuses to take no for an answer
florida man cites  trump defense  after being accused of groping woman on flight
florida man repeatedly defrauding fema
predatory politics: florida man using mako sharks to predict florida's governor and us senate races
florida man casually walks in front of a denny's buck naked
florida man brings loaded handgun to the elementary school where he is substitute teaching, gets in trouble when the gun falls from his waistband onto the playground.
florida man who raised world's largest confederate flag is still salty over reconstruction
florida man and friend plan to kill classmate and drink their blood
florida man assaults pregnant woman, drowns disabled dog
florida man assaults pregnant woman, drowns disabled dog, police say.
florida man accused of groping airline passenger tells authorities president 'says it's ok'
florida man waiting at the bank kills time by masturbating
florida man tells police large amount of heroin in his car is boat shavings and fiber glass
florida man resigns job as fashion design teacher after indicted on hundreds of charges of recording his own students changing
florida man assaults pregnant woman, drowns disabled dog: police
florida man insists he only drank at stop signs
the president says it s ok,  claims florida man accused of groping woman on flight
florida man escaped from north korea in mig - 15 fighter jet
florida man kills and eats furry because furrys are animals
florida man/2 attempts to rob gas station
florida man kicks the back window out of a police car after an arrest in pullman, washington
florida man and former neo-nazi converts to islam and murders his two still-nazi roommates for disrespecting his faith
florida man decides to do homework here and vote on all 12 amendments
drunk florida man parks his convertible in random stranger's driveway, goes inside to use bathroom
florida man rescues his truck
florida man brutal punch ko d this football fan in the stands
florida man knocks out texans fan with sucker punch and somehow the victim s wife ends up in handcuffs
florida man recovers wolf that escaped and ran away during hurricane michael
florida man kills girlfriend and child after fight over watching football on tv
florida man reacts to hurricane
florida man gropes woman on southwest flight to new mexico, cites national political figure as defense.
florida man admitted to hospital with "do not resuscitate" tattooed on neck.
i suspect florida man has some part in this
florida man climbs cell tower.  can you hear me now ?
florida man accused of cutting off penis of ex-girlfriend s boyfriend
florida man accused of cutting off penis of ex-girlfriend s boyfriend
florida man teacher had sex with 14-year-old boy in barn, urged him to 'delete everything  on snapchat - news
florida man, lakeland city commissioner charged with murder in shooting of man he suspected of shoplifting
florida man arrested after telling st. augustine mayor to kill herself
florida man one step closer to surpassing humanity
florida man sheriff deputy wins lottery, donates winnings to hurricane relief
is the florida man one guy?
florida man is the only player character.
meta: the florida man theme song
florida man beats ex-wife, drowns disabled chihuahua in backyard pool.
florida man travels to chicago, finds ex s new boyfriend, hits him in the head with a tire iron, carves initials into his leg, cuts off his penis and throws it over a fence
ladies and gentlemen, we've got him - 4 reasons why the 'florida man' is definitely a drunk marine
florida man robs bank, takes cash and lollipops.
florida man says we're not that weird
florida man being politically active
florida man proclaims fuck you we're not weirder than you...
florida man earns the title of the most disciplined cop in the state. gets his job back after being fired for the 6th time
florida man is currently climbing a cell phone tower
florida man certain to draw  ryan the temp  references, memes after his arrest for telling mayor of st. augustine to  kill yourself  in a public forum
florida man narrowly escapes death by plywood
florida man shoots other florida man over drugs
florida man flies to chicago, finds ex s new boyfriend, hits him over the head with a tire iron, carves initials in his leg, cuts off his penis and throws it over a fence
florida man prints money with pinterest template and fancy paper from walmart
florida man climbing cell phone tower (reports indicate that he keeps saying  can you hear me now?  to his cell phone)...
florida man climbing cell phone tower screaming
florida man was the first black explorer of north america
florida man got what he wanted
florida man shot outside bar after rejecting shot inside bar.
florida man throws bicycle and other man off bridge in front of officer
florida man never let's us down
florida woman sees black man and calls police
florida man blames cat for child pornography found on his computer
florida man will like it - hot deal today
why a florida man takes ice baths in dark norwegian winters
florida man gives first hand account of hurricane michael
florida man does his best cornholio impression as he leaves the jail after road-rage arrest
florida man with clock necklace set at 4:20 vandalizes ocala laundry mat, deputies say.
drunk florida man gets behind the wheel of a public bus, starts honking horn, gets arrested for dui
florida man arrested after recovered 'grill' re-fitted to robbery victim's mouth
florida man vandalizes landromat while wearing a wall clock that reads 4:20.
florida man shot outside bar after rejecting shot inside bar, officials say
florida man opens bar in haunted storage room, plans live seances and karaoke
i know it's not a florida man, but it has the same energy
florida man accused of flying to illinois, cutting off penis of ex's new boyfriend
florida man found with 100 oxycodone pills in his butt
florida man steals krispy kreme donut truck, abandons it; cops eat the donuts and pose for pictures after finding it
florida woman fired after blocking man from apartment
florida man accused of swimming naked in toronto shark tank
florida man gets 40 years for planting bombs inside target stores, in an attempt to drive the company s stock down
florida man has a name - michael dunn. one michael dunn is currently in serving life in prison for killing teen over loud music in jacksonville. now this michael dunn, a city commissioner, shoots and kills shoplifter in lakeland city
florida man hid drugs on 5-year-old son, used child as shield during arrest
florida man busted in a sex sting says "he only came to the meeting place because he believed it was an undercover sting and he thought it would be cool to see it in action"
florida man screams  this is my girl  as he grabs 8-year-old at orlando airport
naked florida man goes on home tour
florida man shoots customer wielding stolen hatchet
florida man posed as a federal agent in best buy. he s now a federal inmate in prison.
florida man busted in child sex sting claims he knew it was a sting &amp;  thought it would be cool to see it in action 
florida man ruins his car
florida man who is a city councilman and shop owner shoots and kills alleged shoplifter.
florida man tries to buy little girl at walmart, another gets tasered for stealing a tractor, and more bad decisions on florida men podcast.
florida man kills and tries to eat grand child
florida man throws sausages at his mother, arrested for battery
florida man or woman steals krispy kreme van returns it still full of donuts. police share.
south florida man poses as woman, blindfolds 80 straight men, tricks them into gay sex and films them
florida man attempts to steal a police car in panama city. yells at witness  i m lootin 
florida man strikes again  with sausages
florida man hid heroin in 5-year-old's shirt
florida man learns you don't yell, "i'm looting" while trying to steal a police car. ends up a dead florida man.
florida man logs onto the internet the old-fashioned way
living in florida we had to talk about florida man lol
a reason behind the florida man meme
surveillance video shows lakeland city commissioner and florida man shooting alleged shoplifter
florida man runs around breaking into cars shirtless
florida man fails to secure plywood onto his pickup and totally ruins day for florida woman
florida man arrested by walmart security after attempting to bid $200,000 on an 8 year old
florida man drives cross country to cut off penis of ex girlfriends new lover.
florida man accidentally brought gun to disney world
florida man didn t secure his load properly. driver survived.
florida man strikes again, this time with a sheet of plywood.
florida man high fives womans face
florida man named orlando named orlando police chief
florida man hid heroin in 5-year-old s shirt
florida man didn't drink while driving, only while stopped at traffic lights
florida man doesn t know how to use patio chair
florida man cuts off penis
florida man loses leg after his son ran him over with a lawn mower when he attacked him with a chainsaw
florida man tries to stream on twitch but causes massive house fire d:
florida man: looting leads to deadly shooting in panama city
florida man looting leads to deadly shooting in panama city
i see your florida man and raise belgian man!
florida man flew to chicago to cut off ex-girlfriend's bf's penis
florida man tricks more florida men!
florida man severs penis
florida man accused of traveling 1,000 miles to cut off penis of romantic rival
florida man arrested for pelting his mother with sausage.
florida man suffers nervous breakdown, copes by keeping an elvis impersonator chuck e. cheese animatronic lion in his bedroom. link to long, boring story.
20 of the most outrageous florida man headlines
tennessee man should be honorary florida man
florida man didn't secure his load. driver survived.
florida man nearly decapitates driver.
florida man modifies glock 17 to kill invasive lionfish and save ecosystem
florida man modifies glock 17 to fire underwater and kill lionfish
florida man accused of cutting off man's penis
florida man, drives lambo.
florida man molested 6-year-old at hurricane shelter
florida man says florida is not that weird
florida man pours cup of semen on panera customer
florida man: can someone please makes comics from these?
florida man crashes lamborghini, flees scene in a mercedes-benz
florida man molested girl, 6, at hurricane michael shelter, police say
florida man crashes lamborghini, flees scene in a mercedes-benz.
florida man flew to chicago and chopped off his lovers penis
florida man police officer was arrested 3 times, fired 6 times, and is now back on patrol
florida man kills the wrong deer, in the wrong place
florida man did not evacuate from hurricane michael
florida man saves the day with walgreens fire hydrant when truck lights up in parking lot
florida man crashes lamborghini into a ford, flees in a mercedes-benz
florida man brings the magic
florida man dies after hurricane michael slams into panhandle (you cant just kill off the greatest character in the series!)
florida man writes name on arm in case hurricane michael kills him
florida man afraid to admit he likes resistance
florida man collects old chuck e. cheese robots, films music videos of them singing in his bedroom
florida man having 'nervous breakdown' recovers by filling his room with functional chuck e. cheese robots
florida man posts educational link, in hopes that other florida men cast an educated vote on november 6, 2018
florida man crashes lamborghini into a ford, flees inside a mercedes-benz.
florida man goes boating.
florida man uses own blood as weapon against police
florida man county sheriff candidate defends history of over 13 arrests including battery, dui, and motor vehicle theft
florida man running for county sheriff defends history of over 13 arrests including battery, dui, and motor vehicle theft
florida man tells police that ghost planted drugs in house
florida man shoots facebook live video from inside he eye of the hurricane 
florida man loses power in hurricane, decides to spend rest of phone battery on reddit.
florida man arrested after  staring  at women in a target parking lot, cops say
florida man buys $0.69 worth of gasoline and uses it to set fire to a mcdonalds bathroom
florida man now owns a zoo thanks to his mother
florida man tried to ride out the storm...
florida man tries to kiss venemous cottonmoth snake
not florida man but, kent woman chasing husband with meat tenderizer then laid down in road, and was hit by drunk driver.
florida man steals tractor, fights police officer and gets tasered
florida man loses job for jail parties
florida man podcast covers a peeping tom, a pooping bartender, a pedo divorcee, and a jealous ex
shirtless florida man hangs out by dumpsters and recites shakespeare
florida man arrested after a dispute over lo mein, wanted non spicy sauce.
florida man slays ariana grande's "dangerous woman" as lady voldemort from "harry potter"
florida man tv show idea
florida man store owner: don t warm urine in my microwave
florida man on international flight head butts flight attendant
florida man attempts to flat down la river on raft
florida man arrested for trying to buy eight year old girl from walmart
florida man gas station owner s microwave sign:  do not warm urine 
florida man sets fellow homeless man on fire during drunken brawl
florida man crashes lambo into truck. flees in mercedes.
florida man has a youtube channel
florida man vows to feed alligator to his dog who was previously attacked by said gator
florida man feeds alligator to his dog after being attacked by said alligator
florida man loses job as a deputy after some inmates report they were allowed to drink and get high while on work crews. he also showed them videos of something called  twerking 
thawed-out iguanas attack a florida man trying to eat them, crash a car
florida man steals almost $1m in cable service
florida man microwaves urine
florida man, or perhaps it's because he's a drug dealer calls cops over fears of exploding sperm
naked florida man chases couple around chick-fil-a parking lot
florida cop being a florida man.
florida man wore a blazer and set the door ablaze. he wore a blazer and set the door ablaze again.
florida man offers to buy 8 year-old for $200k at wal-mart
new x-files comic is called "florida man". has several examples inside.
florida man ditches lamborghini after rear-ending truck in miami
florida man-ager ends restaurant's 'monkey monday' tradition after eight-year-old boy is bitten by a customer's pet
florida man on drinking and stoplights.
florida man attempts float down la river in inflatable pink flamingo
florida man arrested after giving girlfriend a 'wet willy'
florida man arrested for setting another man on fire
florida man writes rap song about red tide
florida man puts sign in convenience store: 'don t microwave your pee. 
florida man music festival? what could go wrong?!
florida man charged with 3rd murder  i have a hard time being rejected 
florida man arrested for threatening to kill members of congress if kavanaugh not confirmed
florida man threatens the life of senators who vote against a certain supreme court nominee. classic florida man
oh florida man  
florida man, and gas station owner, wants people to stop warming their pee in his microwave
florida man arrested...
florida man claims ghost planted meth inside his home.
florida man stabs his best friend for  liking  his memes instead of reacting with  haha 
florida man offers woman 200k to buy her child at walmart
florida man uses pinterest to make counterfeit money, puts it up for sale on facebook
florida man 1 takes umbrage at baseballs hitting fence. florida man 2 retaliates with firearm. hilarity ensues (sfw).
florida man ties gun to a weather balloon to fake his own murder
florida man charged after threatening to kill senators for opposing brett kavanaugh nomination
florida man then tried to escape on foot
florida man wakes up with a headache, only to discover his wife had shot him in the head while he slept. (he survived)
florida man arrested for offering mom $200,000 for girl at walmart
florida man w no arms masturbates with mayonnaise.. he was also arrested recently for stabbing a man.. here is my story about meeting this legend.
naked florida man removed from beach in brevard county
naked florida man found 'gyrating' on woman's back porch, police say
florida man made counterfeit money using printer at public library
florida man arrested for taking girlfriend out to dinner on boat that isn't his; doing $1000 worth of damage to toilet
the man" will soon be cracking down on florida man's cruising in the left lane.
florida man tries to run away from police
florida man steals tractor, pursued by cops, loses pants
florida man caught on camera sipping fountain drink and watching unprovoked attack of family at gas station before walking away. these two 18-year-olds arrested and charged
florida man threatens to shoot senators over kavanaugh vote, writing  i will be ready to kill  on his facebook page
florida man tries to buy daughter from wife at walmart
florida man accused of trying to buy an 8-year-old girl at walmart, police get involved
actual florida man says he's 'about ready to kill' neighbor, himself over walkway dispute
florida man owns the worlds biggest collection of fossilized poop
florida man accused of trying to buy 8-year-old girl for $200,000 in wal-mart parking lot
florida man charged with practicing unlicensed dentistry for making grills
florida man attempts to buy 8 year old for $200,000 at walmart
florida man arrested for stealing 20 pounds of fortnite burgers from mcdonald s
florida man who locked darren rainey in scalding shower until he died keeps having sex on duty
florida man attempts to buy 8-year old at walmart for $200,000
florida man offered $200k to buy 8-year-old girl from mother at walmart, police say
florida man travels to another florida man s work for consensual sex. at a soccer field press box   and he s a dean of a university department
florida man arrested for trying to buy a girl from her mother at a walmart
florida man takes two hotly-dressed women he meets at the club back to his pricey condo, is forced to drink a cocktail that knocks him out, wakes up hours later and $200,000 of his jewelry is gone
florida man university dean resigns after reported sex act on campus
florida man steals tractor, enters low speed chase
naked drunk florida man goes swimming, brings boat race to a screeching halt
typical florida man...
florida man arrested on pot charge after he and the driver bought four bags of food in a kfc drive-through.
florida man tries to prove you can buy anything at walmart   including an 8-year-old girl
florida woman maid of honor chugs bottle of fireball, punches best man, steals car, nearly runs him over during wedding
florida man who egged longwood police station said he  wanted to cause anarchy 
florida man attempts to buy 8-year-old for $200,000 at walmart
florida man arrested for social media post saying he purchased ar-15, planned to kill 400+ people
florida man says he wasn't drinking while driving -- only at stop lights and stop signs
florida man says he planned to kill 400+ people: "it'll be a devastating day for america"
florida woman thinks florida man is all the same guy!
florida man arrested, fined for practicing unlicensed dentistry, says he considers himself "more of a jeweler"
florida man attempts to buy an eight year old at wal-mart for $200,000.
florida man exposes himself at a bar
florida man shoots, kills puppy from balcony during walk with its owners, police say
florida man snipes puppy with pellet gun, arrested
florida man driving car full of stolen mail crashes into trailer filled with alpacas
florida man accused of exposing himself, starting fight at brooksville bar
time traveling florida man
florida man defecates in police car, does $1k in damages by banging head
florida man goes old school by confronting neighbor with good ol  nunchucks. oh, and he didn t have any pants
florida man arrested for shooting a neighbor's cat with crossbow (and possession)
florida man arrested for assaulting a neighbor's cat with a crossbow, and also possession
florida man accused of killing man, going to dunkin donuts for a pumpkin spice latte and crashing a new toyota off a bridge ... all in one morning
florida man agrees with kanye about 13th amendment
florida man tries to flee in pickup, but it's hooked to repo man's tow truck
florida man gets 20 years for stealing $600 worth of cigarettes
florida man kills 8 month old puppy with a sniper rifle from his balcony
florida man finds cockroach in burger king whopper
tallahassee: florida man suspected in shooting at empty killearn church, says he 'hated his country'
crazy florida man threatening to kill chinese students but don't worry because he's a lawyer.
til florida man has an actual wikipedia page. not knowyourmeme or urbandictionary, but wikipedia
penniless florida man called "mr. linkz" searches for a job by showing off his resume on a cardboard sign; refuses any offer of money or food, "i don t want nobody to give me anything. i want somebody to give me a job."
penniless florida man searches for job by showing off his resume on a cardboard sign
florida man bites dog, pleads guilty to felony rap
political argument on facebook ends with florida man getting shot in buttocks
naked florida man tries to start fight club at chick-fil-a
i found the real florida man!!!!!!
south florida man hangs dead ducks from stop sign to slow down reckless drivers
florida man turns one hundred, receives free chicfila for  the rest of his life 
florida woman beats geriatric florida man husband with a vacuum cleaner part
florida man stole underwear from walmart, tried to sneak bath salts into jail
florida man disguises himself as an exterminator to steal jewelry from couple's home
naked florida man tried starting a fight club at a chick-fil-a
florida man bites dog to  establish dominance. 
florida woman pops out teeth to scare off nude man on back porch
florida man cited after yogurt truck accident near sheffield
florida man proposes to girlfriend on jeopardy!
florida man proposes to girlfriend on jeopardy!.
florida man throws another florida man  face first  off of a bridge.
white florida man arrested during gulf breeze traffic stop, claims racial profiling, says pulled over "because he's black!!"
florida man tries to steal from store, gets stuck on store roof instead.
this video just seems like florida man material
florida man commutes on i-95 in his undies while smoking pot
looks like ireland wants florida man as their own national treasure. this is obviously the handy work of florida man in disguise as dublin man.
florida man admits  i m an idiot  after he drunkenly tried to leave a bomb threat on his probation officer s voice mail but ended up leaving it on a sheriff s deputy s instead
florida man accused of calling in bomb threat to deputy's phone. he admitted to making the bomb threat,  because i m an idiot. 
florida man sets ex-girlfriends car on fire, returns to bar.
florida man gardens in the nude.
florida man tries to flee in pickup, but it s hooked to repo man s tow truck
florida man tries to flee in pickup, but it s hooked to repo man s towtruck
florida man sets fire to raccoon
police: pink-haired florida man tries to rob melbourne dollar general with toilet tissue
florida man beats tree, angry at ants.
florida man escaped prison to order "sweat tea"
naked florida man chases people and cops around chic-fil a parking lot telling them they re gay for looking at his penis
florida man accused of breaking into home, going through refrigerator
florida man builds sleek 3,000sq ft home from eight $2,500 shipping containers
florida man accused in fatal 'stand your ground' shooting posts $100,000 bail
florida man historical walking tour" interrupted by rollerskating florida man
florida man begins charging $30 for 'florida man walking tours'
florida man just trying to get some sleep gets followed around his house at 3 a.m. by his vacuuming florida man wife, who then hits him in the nose with an attachment from the vacuum cleaner
florida man collects nearly 10,000 pieces of poop, turns it into to poozeum
florida man gets free chick-fil-a for life after turning 100
florida man with snapchat handle 'nuggets-chicken' accused of making school threats
florida man with snapchat handle "nuggets-chicken" threatens to shoot up school as joke, goes as expected.
florida man ignores arm, hits train, charged with possession
is florida man using a nazi salute? it's got a certain look to it.
escaped florida man inmate's craving for sweet tea proves to be his downfall
florida man, suffering through one of hottest septembers in recent memory, gets naked and gets into a stranger s above-ground pool for some relief. everything gets caught on camera
a florida man segment?
stolen smokes: florida man gets 20 years for cigarette theft
florida man thrown off bridge after argument
florida man gets free chick-fil-a for life for 100th birthday
florida man likes to take out all the laundry
i m dying. i need help : florida man stuck on roof after botched break-in
florida man throws another florida man over bridge in front of police.
florida man runs over florida mans pregnant florida woman and then has a run in with florida mans fist
naked florida man chases couple around chick-fil-a parking lot
florida man beaten to pulp after backing over pregnant woman
when i think of florida man i think of ham.
florida man arrested after cop watched him toss another man off of bridge
florida man kept child in home with dead cats, animal feces and maggots, deputies say
derrick goodin vs daytona beach police: suspect throws man off florida bridge (2018) body cam
florida man throws other man off bridge in daytona beach, fl (2018) arrested - body cam footage
florida man throws bicycle, then other man off bridge
rich florida man
married florida man accused of killing girlfriend carrying his unborn baby, leaving her on side of road
florida man kills good samaritan, steals his car, leaves his wallet in the stolen car as he abandons it.
florida man drives jet ski on the street
looking for water, thirsty florida man got himself stuck on a food market roof. tells police, "i didn't even try to do it. it just happened, man."
florida man walking tour takes to the streets
thirsty florida man gets himself stuck on food market roof. tells police, "i didn't even try to do it. it just happened, man."
florida man tries to rob convenience store, gets stuck on roof
florida man trying to get paid
florida man pulls hidden sword from cane
florida man mowin' naked
overly proud florida man refuses to put on clothes
florida man cut off genitals of romantic rival
florida man cut off genitals of romantic rival, authorities say, leaving him to be found by passerby
20-year sentence for florida man who stole 10 cartons of cigarettes
florida man: 15 strikes &amp; you're out!
floridaman steals 10 cartons of smokes!
florida man crossdresser made sex tapes with 150 men after tricking them posing as 'bored housewife'
florida man accused of trying to steal airliner dragged off plane
florida man leads cops on a chase, tried to finish a few brewskis, dropping his last two cans as cops brought the joy ride to an end.
florida man pleads guilty to surreptitiously producing and distributing pornographic audio and video recordings of himself engaged in sexual activity with at least 80 others
florida man student charged with trying to steal passenger jet at orlando airport
florida man accused of setting fire to pregnant woman, attacking her with hammer
florida man poses as housewife, blindfolds 80 straight men, tricks them into sex
seems florida man has a new rival.
florida man used lighter to burn smiley faces on three kids
florida man dresses up in superhero costume, runs around city carrying groceries and putting out fires
florida man] dos gringos - whole heart hole (official video)
florida man gets 20 years for stealing $600 of cigarettes from circle k
florida man pulls sword out of cane and begins wildly swinging it at tenant
florida man landlord pulls sword out of cane and swings it wildly at tenant
florida man doing yard work in the nude prompts florida neighbors to complain to police
florida man talks about florida women, dead body, and an algae-assisted arrest
florida man arrested at tampa international airport for carrying a concealed firearm
florida man gets canoe stuck on alligators back
florida man dumps alligator in store
after headbanging to hurricane, florida man lane pittman uses his leftover gofundme money to help florence victims
naked florida man doing yard work rankles his neighbors
plants, but no pants: florida man gardens in the nude
florida man fights over sea weed
after hurricane florida man uses left over shotgun shells to shoot the remaining clouds.
florida man accused of setting fire to pregnant woman, attacking her with sledge hammer
florida man tries to become astronaut
florida man pleads guilty to making secret sex tapes as a homestead cross-dresser
today in florida man.
florida man allegedly vapes his friends semen on video
florida man tries to hijack airplane
florida woman throws mug at man who complained about how long she spent in the bathroom, police say
florida man attempts to steal an airplane
slippery florida man
pedophile) florida man offers neo-nazi money to murder 9-year-old victim and her family
florida man fights tow truck with truck
florida woman (grandma) takes swing at man with her oxygen tank during fight in citrus county
florida man arrested for driving teen couple to park to  do their thang. 
florida man attempts to cheat urine test using squirt bottle attached to genitals
florida man climbs through second-floor window of ex-girlfriend's house, tries to kidnap baby daughter, gets gun drawn on him by uncle, drops the kid, gets caught in the swamp by a police k-9 and cries.
florida man does yard work naked, police say it is legal.
man spotted riding jet ski on florida road
florida man seeking advice on registering a bathtub as a vehicle
neighbors complain about florida man doing yard work naked, police say it is legal
florida man 42, pretends to be 15 year old boy, and sexts minors who were past students.
naked florida man sets fire to house while baking cookies on george foreman grill
florida man starts house fire by baking cookies on george foreman grill while naked
florida man stops to help stranded motorist who turned out to be hitman hired to kill him
algae overcomes florida man fleeing police
19 year old florida man arrested after threatening to shoot up his ex-gf s high school
cops: florida man father drove teens to park for sex
florida man takes gun out of bible and hits other florida man in crotch and face
the florida man...blowing in the wind of florence
hurricane florence vs florida man
florida man accused of hitting man in face, private parts with gun
florida man spotted riding jet ski on florida road... yes, road
florida man mutilates body of cellmate at prison
florida man performs oral sex on pit bull, gets off on a technicality.
florida man who waltzed into an rv dealership, wrote a $250,000 worthless check for a winnebago and drove off in it is finally caught
florida man was able to strangle and mutilate his cellmate, put his eyeballs in a cup, wrap his blood-soaked body in a sheet then walk into the prison s chow hall with the inmate s ear strung around his neck, before officers knew anything was amiss
florida man eats cellmate, ftw.
florida man kills cell mate and wears his ears around neck
florida man submits bad license plate ideas to dmv. gets rejected!
tennessee vols going to beat florida man
taco bell florida man worker fired for refusing to serve english-speaking customers
florida man charged with video voyeurism after recording students changing on campus
a florida man prisoner reportedly brutally killed his cellmate and left his eyeballs in a cup
florida man shot during argument about tattoos
florida man is back with heavy metal and an american flag to face hurricane florence
florida man police come up with a unique reward poster in effort to capture florida man murder suspect named "ziggy"
florida man kills cellmate, heads to chow hall with victim's ear on a necklace
florida man fired gun at bus stop to scare off dog
florida man kills cellmate, gouges out eyes, wears ear on necklace, sources say
florida man duels for ramen
florida man burns raccoon alive
florida man posing as cop pulls over speeding driver, deputies say
john oliver has a talk with florida man
florida man fakes down s syndrome to get diapchanged
florida man - breaking: man won t be charged after killing alleged carjacker in lake park while 5-year-old sat in back seat
florida man accused of stealing, reselling $5.4m of postage stamps
florida man tells cops he didn't drink while driving, only at stop signs
florida man wanted for grand theft lawnmover
florida man steals ambulance after being released from hospital
florida man jailed for giving his girlfriend a 'wet willy'
it wasn't finders keepers for florida man who got arrested for collecting marijuana he found washed up on beach
florida man worried we may eat dogs and cats.
shirtless florida man takes on hurricane florence with american flag in hand
florida man actor goes on roller coaster to film commercial with a zombie, projectile vomits and freaks out the zombie
florida man arrested for taking weed that washed up on beach
florida man cleans up weed from the beach
shirtless florida man is back to take on hurricane florence after gofundme pays for it
florida man walks into rv dealership, writes $250,000 check and drives off in a winnebago. the check was a fraud.
shirtless florida man travels to myrtle beach to head bang during hurricane florence
florida man punches other florida man in the face over driving skills
naked drunken florida man starts fire while baking cookies on a george foreman grill.
naked florida man baking cookies on george foreman grill responsible for fire
naked, intoxicated florida man baking cookies on george foreman grill responsible for house fire
florida woman tells one florida man she got sexual favors from a second florida man so first florida man starts throwing tacos
anxiety-ridden florida man arrested for masturbating while watching pornography on his phone in public parking lot at 2:30 am.
florida man shows up stumbling to his neighbor s house wearing a bulletproof vest, no shirt, no shoes, and carrying an ar-15
florida man-child tries to get job in other state by saying how much he hates that state.
florida man sentenced to 27 years after turning patients into prostitutes
the 9 phases of florida man [via r/alignmentcharts]
florida man accused of assaulting woman, son over 'twinkie the kid' pop! doll
florida man sentenced to six months... in traffic school
florida man asks police to test his drugs, thought he was sold bad crystal meth
florida man urged not to shoot guns at hurricane.
florida man steals car with baby inside then puts baby back (g)old
florida man is sentenced... to traffic school
florida man kicked out of funeral for asking alexa to play despacito
florida man commits credit fraud for the sake of enriching his stamp collection
florida man commits credit fraud to the tune of $5 million for the sake of enriching his stamp collection
florida man attacks target shoppers steals twinkie the kid funko pop
florida man flew by private jet during campaign bus tour
florida man story of fighting shark for nephew's arm is an exaggeration, but they don't make up these stories about people like you and me.
white florida man fired after pulling gun on black famu students
florida man cuts neighbor with chainsaw during argument over shrubs
florida man, who's hand was bitten off by a 9 foot alligator now facing charges of feeding the animal
florida man attacks woman, son over twinkie figurine
florida man arrested for driving stolen car. his friend wouldn't stop monkeying around
naked, drunken florida man starts fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill
florida man bitten in genitals by woman he attempted to sexually assault
florida man fulfills life's dream of canoeing down the mississippi for charity
florida man calls cops on a speeding driver, then transforms into florida cop to save the day... and is arrested
florida man and florida woman arrested for sex act on fort myers sidewalk
florida man always brings so many questions
florida man shows up at front door of neighbor with ar-15 rifle and bullet proof vest.
florida man claimed to be meeting bert who lives in the woods to pick berries with a raspberry woman and turns out to have a load of meth in his car
florida man claims to be meeting bert who lives in the woods to pick berries with him and raspberry, turns out to have a load of meth in his car
florida man steals ambulance.
florida man creates instructional video showing how to fish in sewers
florida man in bull onesie accused of trying to burn down ex-lover's house with spaghetti sauce
florida man flees police, is stopped by toxic algae
florida man sings 'don t stop believin' during his journey to jail
a one-florida man demolition derby
florida man plays golf, is bitten by gator
florida man kicked out of funeral after saying "this is so sad, alexa, play despacito"
florida man killed after helping stranded motorist who turns out to be a hitman sent to kill him
florida man   reportedly drunk, high and naked   starts house fire trying to bake cookies on george foreman grill
florida man kicked out of funeral after telling alexa to play despacito
homeless florida man reported a dead body by carrying the skull into a publix and using it as a puppet
florida man returns with another podcast about other florida men.
florida man and friends steal nearly $1k in ybor city cigars right in front of security cameras (video)
naked florida man starts house fire by trying to bake cookies on a george foreman grill
florida man- zookeeper 'joe exotic' arrested in murder-for-hire plot involving florida cat-rescue group
florida man needed a ride
florida man attacked by alligator while playing frisbee golf
florida man booked after telling melbourne officers florida laws didn't apply to him
10 crazy headlines that could only be created by florida man
florida man cuts head off wild boar and leaves carcass on busy road
florida man arrested after giving girlfriend wet willy
florida man dresses up as kkk for school event
florida man: half-naked man walks goat in the rain, welcome to florida!
naked florida man starts house fire while baking cookies on indoor grill
florida man dead after oxygen tank catches fire while he smoked cigarettes
florida man tries to swim away from dui...so how'd that work out for ya?
english man tells peak florida man stories.
why do they always have to be from florida?
florida man and woman arrested for selling tickets to heaven
a historical florida man: former police detective john william clouser --the self-styled "florida fox" after a 1967 escape from a state mental asylum-- surrenders to police in 1974.
john oliver talks about florida man
drunk florida man falls off bike and hits man at hospital with folding chair
florida man reads r/funkopop and takes extreme measures to get rare "twinkie the kid" pop figure
dear john oliver, there's a subreddit for that! (watch until 4:58 then skip to 11:14 for florida man)
naked florida man starts house fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill
florida man needs a car so he steals an ambulance
florida man - krispy kreme driver slashes tires melbourne.
florida man falls asleep in stolen car full of stolen goods, gets arrested for all of it.
drunk florida man sets fire to home while making cookies
naked florida man starts house fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill
florida man aka "joe exotic," tiger keeper, gubernatorial hopeful, arrested in for murder-for-hire plot
14 year old florida man charged with making false bomb threat. even worse is the fact that i knew this edge lord.
british sailors apply for florida man status
florida man accused of chasing neighbor down driveway, yelling 'run, fat ass!'
florida man accused of giving girlfriend 'wet willy' arrested
while on shore leave florida man and his fellow sailors get drunk, pee in public, cause a fight, and get tasered by the police
the royal navy makes port in the sunshine state and at least four crew members begin acting the part of florida man.
florida man deputy resigns after stealing candy to satisfy 'sugar cravings'
florida man shoots into woman's home over bad restaurant review
florida man armed with assault weapon captured on home video ringing doorbell
wanted florida man finally caught after being hospitalized from peeing on a taser
joe exotic arrested for trying to kill big cat florida man
florida man hired thursday fired sunday, tries to murder boss two hours later.
florida man gets caught in algae-filled canal while escaping cape coral authorities
florida man is killed by florida hitman disguised as broken down truck driver whom he stopped to help out
florida man billionaire health-care investor phillip frost charged by sec with pump-and-dump schemes
florida man makes video to highlight environmental crisis, bathes in toilet water that is cleaner than the ocean right now.
florida man really was a fictional character. invented to cover up florida woman's heinous murder
police arrest the wrong florida man
florida man takes pet alligator for a walk to the liquor store
florida man burt reynolds dies at 82
florida man got caught with almost 200 lobsters in his trunk
florida man pepper sprays teen in fight over $3, police say
florida man cuts home in half (swedish)
naked florida man starts house fire while trying to drunkenly make cookies on george foreman grill
naked florida man starts house fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill in niceville
florida man tranquilizres and rapes alligator in everglades
florida man secretly videotaped men using clearwater gym restroom, cops say
florida man...no way
pros: florida man priests aren't having sex with kids cons: they've having sex with each other in full view of a children's playground
florida man gets shot 10 times while parking in philadelphia. gangland ex cution a case of  mistaken identity .
in hilarious video, pig turns tables, chases florida man cop
florida woman uses florida man as guinea pig in researching whether incense, pepper spray or cologne smells best
florida man hired thursday, fired sunday, tries to kill boss two hours later
andrew gillum names florida man chris king as his running mate
florida man accidentally burns down home after lighting shoes on fire to protest nike's kaepernick ad
florida man accidentally burns home down after lighting nike shoes on fire in protest of nike s colin kaepernick ad
florida man gets drunk, sets fire to his house trying to bake cookies, answers door naked.
florida man arrested for having almost 200 illegal lobsters
florida man accidentally burns home down after lighting nike shoes on fire
florida man arrested for possession of about 200 illegal lobsters
florida man (cartoon) (must watch) (funny af)
florida man tries to elude officers on motorized tricycle
florida man good samaritan killed while unknowingly helping man hired to kill him, deputies say
florida man | animated
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/florida-man-news-police-escape-abraham-duarte-a8526146.html
florida man nearly drowns fleeing from police
eight times florida man "accidentally" did racist stuff
florida man hired thursday, fired sunday, tries to kill boss 2 hours later, police say
florida man hires neo-nazi to kill 9 year old he allegedly molested and her family.
florida man busted for possession of illegal lobsters
florida man hired thursday, fired sunday, tries to kill boss two hours later, police say
florida man assaults his girlfriend for interrupting football game he was watching
florida man becomes ensnared in canal algae bloom while fleeing from police. (video)
florida man bitten by ants, fights tree in retaliation.
florida man t shirt
florida man shoves $100 of stolen iced coffee in pants
new orleans man writes book of poems about florida man
florida man and woman sold drugs from their mobile home kitchen window, police say
florida man hangs dead ducks from stop sign to discourage reckless driving
florida man shot at woman's home after she wrote bad restaurant review, police say
florida man shoots at a women home after a bad restaurant review
florida man arrested, accused of giving girlfriend wet willy
florida man spotted driving totaled truck
florida man at catholic mission thought that two priests (who've worked with him) having oral sex in a car was a joke article. it wasn't.
florida man with long gray beard wanted by police
florida man with long gray beard robs stores, wanted by police
florida man dumps porta potty in 7 eleven for revenge.
florida man burglary suspect arrested after yelling to lead investigator, "hey dude, nice car"
florida man was drinking at a key west gay bar. then he began saying gays would  burn in hell,  cops say.
logical florida man declines breathalyzer, "i'm already going to jail, so why?" also tells deputies his escapades make for a "great story"
florida man charged with battery for giving girlfriend wet willy
drunk florida man gives girlfriend a wet willy and gets arrested
florida man jumps in canal to escape police but canal is filled with algae because another florida man by the name of rick scott is a crooked environmental killing pos and the florida man gets arrested
florida man jailed for giving his girlfriend a "wet willy"
florida man arrested for being drunk, belligerent, and giving his girlfriend a wet willy.
florida man arrested after negative review of friend's restaurant leads to him shooting into the author's home in retaliation.
florida man shoots up house over a bad restaurant review.
florida man arrested after he allegedly gave girlfriend a 'wet willy,' affidavit says
florida man, fleeing police, jumps in pond to escape and drowns
florida man charged with giving girlfriend wet willy
hell hath no fury like an 81 year old florida man whose love has been scorned
literary conflicts of florida man
florida man arrested after giving girlfriend 'wet willy'
florida man entrepreneurship
florida man and woman operate drive-thru out of mobile home for drugs
florida man arrested for ''giving wife a wet willy''
florida man gives unhappy ending ;(
florida man! the animated series
florida man (who else) mistakenly "donates" 5 lbs of skunk to donation center. dude!!??
florida man threatens co-worker with box cutter over christian music
florida man t-shirt
florida man arrested for "wet willy".
florida man arrested after he allegedly gave girlfriend a  wet willy,  affidavit says
florida man, fired by his dad, forges 89 checks in florida dad's name
florida man suing coach over purple nurple
entrepreneurial florida man and his wife built a drive-thru window into their trailer... to sell fentanyl.
florida man arrested for giving girlfriend a wet willy
we gotta bury a body' - florida man recruits daughter to cover up a murder
florida man arrested for giving girlfriend a 'wet willy'
florida man says 150-pound lizard visitor stalks his home
florida man winds up with a bill for thousands of dollars after winning lottery
florida man arrested for giving wet willy
florida man and woman built drive-thru window at mobile home to sell drugs: cops
florida man arrested for giving girlfriend a "wet willy"
florida man arrested for giving girlfriend a wet willy
cops: florida man arrested for giving girlfriend 'wet willy' - wfla
florida man wanted for burglary says "hey man, nice car." to off-duty lead investigator on the burglary case.
toxic water in south florida man
bernie sanders-endorsed florida man threatens america's freest economy
scottish prostitute deported after having sex with a 14-year-old florida man in exchange for $480
florida man accused of shooting up home after woman complains about restaurant
florida man arrested after giving girlfriend belligerent wet willie
florida man republican governor candidate moderated a facebook group full of racists
florida man cut dog's tail off with branch clippers
florida man drives a motorcycle with his bare feet
florida man charged with putting semen in female colleague s drink
homeless florida man ran a $1.3 million multi-state car rental and credit union fraud scheme
florida man walks around naked, cooks spaghetti during break in.
meta] can we get some more active florida man mods?
florida man (and family) terrorized by giant monitor lizard
florida man arrested for giving girlfriend wet willy
florida man moderated a facebook group full of racists
florida man shot by uber driver called "goofball" by florida sheriff.
florida man sues district claiming high school coach s  tittie twister  caused permanent nipple damage
florida man flings  holy blood  at deputy, gives his name to officers as 'f--- you.'
florida man flings  "holy blood" at deputy. the act was "unwanted" by the deputy.
traffic stop ends with charges of trafficking marijuana for florida man
naked florida man arrested, said he was praying while in his ex girlfriend's bedroom
florida man finds $20,000 ring lost in the sand and returns it
florida man does something right!!!
florida man receives the world's first-ever successful horse-to-man penis transplant.
as arrest loomed, florida man decided to channel his inner michael scott
florida man set his house on fire and sat to watch it burn
florida man republican governor candidate says voters  shouldn t monkey this up  and elect black democrat
florida man tells floridians don't 'monkey this up' by electing andrew gillum, first black nominee for governor
florida man: uber driver shoots, kills man in what sheriff judd calls 'classic stand your ground case'
florida man agrees to change name of mayo, florida to miracle whip for $25k
florida man ron desantis tells florida not to 'monkey this up' by electing andrew gillum
goat vote: panama city man brings goat to vote in florida primary
goat vote: panama city man brings goat to vote in #florida primary
goat vote: florida man brings goat to vote in florida primary
that's what she said,  florida man tells cop after being pulled over and asked about bulge
homeless florida man is busted for committing million dollar credit fraud to rent luxury cars
florida man candidate for governor moderates hate-filled facebook group that attacks african-americans, parkland survivors and muslims
florida man finds brain-eating pork tapeworm in his eye
florida man attacks family after they accuse him of eating all the food
florida man needlessly arrested for smoking pot
florida man attacks another to defend president trump
florida man dies after falling into vat of oil near walt disney world
florida man candidate for gubernator has his infant in a campaign commercial pretending to build a border wall
florida man accused of trying to throw woman off third story of hotel after food fight
florida man just wants a donut from the krispy kreme secret menu, oh and cash
florida man candidate for gubernator releases campaign ad featuring his toddler pretending to build a border wall
gov. florida man wins republican nomination for u.s. senate
florida man shoots up madden 19 tournament after losing match
florida man burns raccoon alive
naked florida man on bicycle stuns miami commuters in i-95 traffic
south florida man fired, outed after pointless gay-cruising raid by hollywood cops
drunk florida man challenges police to a fight at the jail - sebastian daily
florida man shoots up a gaming event
florida man fired for farting at work instagram account
florida man loses in madden tournament, proceeds to shoot many people.
missing florida man found in a sunken pickup truck driven off new orleans highway
florida man uses pressure washer truck to save another man's life when motorcycle goes up in flames
question for the florida man sub: what do you people that donny live in this state honestly think about florida?
florida brewery sells beer named after the notorious florida man
florida man tries to lure 10 year old boy to mow his lawn with $7 and some candy
andres, pedro, jose acquitted of rape. that's one florida man with three first names, not the three amigos.
behold florida man in his natural habitat
florida man, and judge who reviews federal disability cases, reportedly dead after swat standoff
unarmed florida man attempts to rob krispy kreme of money and doughnuts
florida man fights city hall ... wins!
florida man has a history of dui arrests, his hair was also a problem and him also being a dentist
florida man renames town from one type of dressing to another
florida man loses at video game
florida man with a badge and a gun aims for an autistic man, but shoots a black man instead. when asked why he shot anyone, he said "i don't know".
florida man caught having sex with stuffed horse in wal-mart
florida man becomes a legend when he s photographed with monkey clinging to shirt during arrest for auto theft
florida man says, "everybody's got something to hide except me and my monkey."
florida man arrested with pet monkey in tow after stealing car from st. petersburg
monkey clings to chest of florida man as he is arrested for stealing car
monkey in diaper found clinging to florida man in stolen car, police say
78 y.o florida man accused of giving 10-year-old girl herpes
police: florida man walked around target exposing himself for $20
florida man and florida woman lose 24 guns
florida man roofers tear roof off wrong florida man's house
florida man arrested for mid-flight battery against flight attendant, calling her racial slur and 'too big for this job'
florida man attacks flight attendant with racist slur and fat-shaming
florida man private schools' curriculum downplays slavery, says humans and dinosaurs lived together
florida man gets headbutted by alligator and knocked unconscious.
florida man police detective loses agency-issued handgun in a burger king restroom
florida man and his diapered monkey clinging to his chest arrested by police
florida man and monkey boy to have their own web series about fighting crime
monkey in diaper found clinging to florida man in stolen car
deputies link florida man in crossbow shooting to other attacks
florida man who took a teen across state lines and had sex with her sentenced to 18 .... months
florida man shoots orlando officer, holds 4 children as hostages near universal studios
florida (wo)man drove 2 children in pet kennels in tennessee, police say
florida man makes a bunch of mistakes during crime  spree,  including wearing bright orange, bringing knives to a gunfight and choosing a supercuts as a hiding place
florida man unhappy with car problems leaves voice message saying, "kids shoot up schools, i shoot up dealerships"
when florida man gets a little bored with life, he strips down to nothing, grabs a rake and attacks his neighbor.
florida man jailed after stealing $1.16 in food from walmart. he's homeless
caught on camera: florida man tosses kittens
florida man rehabilitating africanized bees that attacked woman into productive members of society
florida man helping aggressive bees that attacked a woman turn their lives around
florida man is ejected from his car after hitting a toll booth, flies through the air, lands 20 feet down the road and is released from the hospital soon after
florida man ignores florida woman screaming as she s attacked by africanized bees because he thought she was just  on drugs 
florida man and florida woman bring their kid to the bar
florida man kills 4 children he held hostage then takes own life
naked florida man attacks trailer park neighbor with rake
florida man homeowner says he found burglar in home after cops "cleared" crime scene
florida man busts out his bee vacuum and goes to town
police: florida man shot dog for pooping in house
florida man police chief, frames teen to achieve a perfect score
florida man gets 8 months in prison for scaring muslim family away from buying a house
florida man republican senator says kim jong-un "is not a talented guy. he inherited the family business from his dad &amp; grandfather. he is a total weirdo who would not be elected assistant dog catcher in any democracy."
floroda man arrested for allegedly retrieving gun forgotten by florida detective in burger king bathroom; gun still missing
florida man arrested for allegedly retrieving gun forgotten by florida detective in burger king bathroom; gun still missing
florida man kills four children and himself after police standoff
florida man is a dick, stomps on ducklings that wandered into his yard.
florida man throws alligator through wendy s drive-thru
florida man hits trifecta by being racist, fat shaming and physically assaulting flight attendant.
florida man steals a city shuttle bus.
florida man sheriff wanted a perfect arrest record in the worst way. in true florida man fashion he gets it in the worst way.
florida man wants to get rid of tenants, confuses eviction and explosives.
florida man destroys correctional facility over 3 packets of noodle soup
florida man drags dog behind his truck. gets 90 days in jail.
florida man summons aliens on clearwater beach
florida man shoots the russian, flies the coop
florida man booby traps the edge of his lawn with rebar posts that have the tops sharpened to tips to punish people for parking on his grass.
honorary florida man attempts to shoot a raccoon but gets himself instead
florida man is unstoppable now (resubmission due to auto-removal)
florida man tries to highjack to cars both had guns.
florida man and wife met jesus behind a kfc
florida man blames steroids after going on a xenophobic rant and threatening to burn a neighboring house down
florida man: suspected walmart robber tries to carjack two different cars, both drivers pull out guns   wsvn 7news | miami news, weather, sports
florida man flung from car during horrific toll plaza crash (nsfl)
florida man arrested after calling police to have his drugs tested
florida man arrested for threatening mass shooting at disney world
florida man comic
florida man urinates in public, exposes penis to girl at miami airport, police say
florida man attempts to flee to canada
florida man arrested for threatening on facebook to commit a mass shooting at walt disney world and hang himself if he got five "likes"
florida man arrested after asking police to test his meth
florida man is upset over quality of meth
florida man arrested after calling sheriff to get his meth tested
5 likes and i'll go shoot up disney': florida man arrested in facebook threat
florida man wants cops to test his meth and bust his dealer
florida man takes drugs to police station to have them tested
florida man arrested in facebook threat: "5 likes and i'll go shoot up disney"
miami commuters shocked to see florida man riding bicycle on i-95
florida man closes restaurant, immediately trolls customers who left bad reviews over the years
thank you for being one of our shittiest customers.' after restaurant closes, florida man responds to customers who left bad reviews over the years
florida man sold gun. man sold bullets. man loads gun. man robs man who bought gun. man then flees to home, where police find him.
florida man armed with knives walks into police station, threatens to kill chief, gets tasered
florida man rides bicycle on i-95 during rush hour
florida man fire captain demoted for stripping off shirt, daring homeless man to fight
florida man gets a free threesome
florida man enters police station, rubs knife blades together and asks "where is the chief?"
florida man gets revenge on family of duck
florida man gets lucky
florida man climbs on playground equipment to tell children where babies come from
deputy: florida man chugged beer during dui stop - story | fox 13 tampa bay
florida man pulls samurai swords on police.
florida man arrested for threatening to commit mass shooting at disney world
florida man gets 10 days in jail after being pulled over for a golf cart dui in a steak 'n shake parking lot
florida man gets bizarre tattoo of a pair of nipples on his buttocks
florida man screams at neighbors because his testicles hurt
florida man shouted  i want to be baptized' before drowning himself at a st. augustine golf course
florida man tries carjacking twice, discovers both drivers have guns
florida man robbed a michigan bank in sandals and a floppy hat.
florida man takes pet monkey with him to steal car
florida man saves alligator from python attack
florida man chugs a beer during a dui stop
apparently florida man believes the b in "ihob" stands for bullets
florida man no doubt regrets his username while uploading child porn on the internet. perhaps  stepdaddypedoperv  might have been a bit too obvious.
florida man shoots xxxtentacion
florida man kills xxxtentacion
florida woman accused of stealing $63,000 from man she met at pizza restaurant
florida man - couple arrested for selling  golden tickets to heaven  only $99.99
florida man (men, but automod is a moron) who dumped an alligator inside florida wawa sought
florida man says too much music, masturbation caused him to vandalize largo home
florida man allegedly vapes semen on video (nsfw?)
florida man killed, 2 others injured in argument over dog, deputies say
florida man after carjacking arrest:  if it wasn t for that chopper, y all (expletive) would have never caught me. 
florida man drops an alligator off at a wawa and is still at large.
florida man goes 2-0 at the supreme court
florida man killed over broccoli being sold as weed
florida man shot dead after selling broccoli disguised as weed
florida man dies after swallowing cocaine during traffic stop
florida man angry over socks accused of slashing 2 people in sword attack
florida man arrested on child abuse charge after victim ate 'all the cheez-its'
florida man gets 12 years in battery of deputy, police dog
florida man rides recumbent bicycle on german autobahn
florida man who kicked deputy, police dog sentenced to 12 years in prison
florida man takes snake bite for grandson.
florida man charged with threatening to kill rep. brian mast's children over trump policy
florida man gave 10-year-old xanax to make him 'chill' after sugar rush, police say
florida man beats pregnant girlfriend, launches successful rap career, predicts his death on social media. shot dead
florida man spotted using device to cover license plate through tolls
florida man says he saw a man running toward him complaining about being shot, so he gave him a band-aid
florida man declares "i don't care about that gun!" before getting shot
florida man vapes another dude's semen for $68
florida man doesn t pay for tolls
drunk florida man speeds away from troopers, crashes into tree, shouts racial slurs, pulls out penis
florida woman s love triangle and nudie pics really upset her florida man husband.
a florida man and a florida woman leased someone else s home to 15 families at the same time -- leaving all of them homeless
florida man kills xxxtencacion
stuart florida man charged with threatening florida u.s. rep. brian mast's children
florida man charged with murder in xxxtentacion's killing, police say
florida man kills x
florida man robs bank, cops release surveillance photo of him making a 'duh' face
florida man asks police to test his drugs, thought he was sold bad crystal meth
florida man chugged a beer after being pulled over
a florida man was arrested after telling a playground full of kids where babies come from
florida man charged with murder in xxxtentacion's killing.
florida man smokes weed with a teenager while a child he's babysitting drowns in the pool
second episode of the misadventures of florida man is up
florida man brags about killing xxx tentacion
florida man brags about killing xxxtentacion // this idiot is gonna fry
florida man breaks into former residence, threatens to kill occupants, steals pulled pork sandwich
florida man burns down house trying to kill snake.
florida man accused of assault with deadly weapon for throwing alligator into wendy's drive-thru
florida man gets cvs job using falsified resume, tells boss it s because he was undercover for the cia. it turns out to be true.
florida man says his dog was driving during traffic stop
k-9 wrestles loaded shotgun away from florida man
florida man dresses as elvis presley to meet 13 year old for sex.
florida man dressed as elvis offers to bring tween sex toys as gifts. cue 'jailhouse rock.'  
florida man pastor: sarah silverman is a  god-hating whore  who must die
florida man points gun at florida woman who was texting and driving
florida man gets life sentence for fatal $4 robbery
florida man and 33 kids sent to the hospital after becoming physically ill at summer camp
florida man prepares as florida becomes ground zero for fatal "outbreak"
florida man installs 30-foot model guitar on new hotel, complete with "rhythem" (sic) knob.
florida man falls asleep in tampa hardrock parking garage with his foot on the gas setting the suv on fire.
florida man wrangles alligator from 10-foot python's deadly grip in everglades
florida man named buzz aldrin, former astronaut, sues his family alleging fraud
florida man tries to buy a local historic preservation group election by bringing in stacks of late applications and stapling $50 bills on them days after the deadline
florida man badass
florida man, once again confirms his basic stupidity, as he tells police he thought the child porn on his lap top was legal.
florida man and woman stole motorized shopping cart, drove it to bar
florida man gets life sentence for fatal robbery of $4
might have found peak florida man
florida man says william shatner is his father
florida man charged with trying to 'barbecue' sex offenders at motel
florida man pulls knife on students, goes on anti-muslim rant
florida man purposely mowed down family on bikes, killing father, police say.
florida man rides on hood of car down interstate
florida man blames his dog for dui.
florida man robs bank in shorts, sunglasses
naked florida man danced in fire, assaulted officers during rescue
florida man on hood of car on i-95 in miami
florida man thought the child pornography on his laptop was legal
florida man rides bicycle on interstate during rush hour
florida man elvis impersonator arrested in underage sex sting
florida man rides car hood on expressway
florida woman speeds down highway with florida man clinging to the hood of her car
florida man steals and crashes $61,000 boat belonging to dentist who shot cecil the lion
florida man riding on good of cat on interstate
florida man developing despised downtown condo tower locks the property gate on a lift truck repairing gutters for next-door neighbors who oppose his project -- then demands $1,000 in cash to let it out.
florida man releases 6th episode of podcast about florida man
florida man named battles gets busted for battery
florida man flexes muscles, punches car in road rage incident
florida man dials 911 and demands that cops fix his garage
florida man uber driver charged with pointing gun at texting motorist
florida man charged with dumping gator in convenience store
florida man shoots to death his florida man brother named jesse james
florida man, two florida women allegedly commit murder over $60 worth of marijuana
former taxi driver, florida man, is charged with premeditated murder of an uber driver.
florida woman arrested after driving 19 miles with man on hood of car
florida man channels memories of blazing saddles and punches vehicle during road rage incident.
florida man has argument with girlfriend
nude florida man burns himself while dancing in flames, chanting 'gibberish'...with stick
florida man kicked out of panthers d camp forimpersonating a reporter.
florida man pointed knife at woman to get her to worship satan with him, cops say
florida man hits meth pipe, throws toilet) remember this? i personally know one of them.
florida man wanted his ex to pay the daycare bill and things got a little heated
florida man, nobel prize nominee, joel davis arrested for child sex abuse
florida man demands seat on lucasfilm story group after seeing solo 165 times
florida man released from jail...gets arrested on his way home.
florida man arrested for throwing alligator into drive through window.
florida man talks on phone while riding hood of speeding car
young florida man finds the wawa is way too boring. so, he traps a gator and releases it into store to stir things up.
florida man leads youth charity against sexual violence, then is charged for sexual violence against youth.
florida man calls 911 from jail
florida man leads youth charity against sexual violence, then is charged for child pornography.
massive data breach   nearly all adult americans  personal data exposed by a florida man data mining firm
detective on the lookout for florida man or woman that filled a shopping cart full of cookies and walked out of family dollar.
a florida man has been charged in a november home invasion and assault on reskin drive in wallingford that police say stemmed from an instagram live video.
florida man sent back to jail after not paying for taxi ride home from jail
a florida man has been charged in a november home invasion and assault on that police say stemmed from an instagram live video.
florida man ranks the best fireworks names of 2018
florida man fights to keep pizza-loving pet alligator 'gwendolyn'
florida man makes 7th episode of florida men podcast, posts a link on reddit.
florida man has car peed on by construction worker while he's at the casino, the smell is so bad he has to sell it and the casino wouldn't even apologize until two years later
florida man arrested for stalking his own student
naked florida man arrested for not respecting religion
florida keys man chugs beer during dui stop
florida man tells woman he wanted to make a.i. copy of her so he  could do anything he wanted 
florida man gets dick stuck in gun
florida man caught masturbating at bus stop tells police he's captain kirk
florida man caught masturbating at bus stop tells police he is captain kirk
florida man and townspeople self-amputate for insurance money.
thicc florida man spills beans in local theater
florida man uses large dildo to rob a walmart
title doesn't say florida man, but we know better
florida man uses free time to clean and restore graves of veterans
florida man dies while touring mammoth cave
florida man gets paid to drive around on a golf cart shooting fireworks at hungry birds
florida man 's actual job is driving around on a golf cart shooting fireworks at birds all day
florida man is hired to drive around all day on a golf cart launching fireworks at hungry birds
florida man 's actual job is riding around on a golf cart launching fireworks at birds
florida woman calls 911 to report a 10-foot gator has chased her 15-year-old daughter up a tree. a florida man deputy shows up and shoots it to death.
florida man arrested for switching price tags at walmart
florida man arrested after being caught having sex with an alligator he kept tied up in his backyard     
florida man claims he had to pay $10,000 in extortion money to save his cat.
florida man goes fishing and catches a kilo of marijuana. calls it "an early birthday gift from pablo escobar"
jealous 91-year-old florida man threatens pastor with gun over ex-girlfriend
florida woman nabbed after returning to same bar where she met then robbed man for $70k
florida man, police chief, indicted for framing a teen for burglaries so he could boast about his perfect arrest record
florida man loses it over expired coupon for cake and may now lose his $204,000 job as city manager
florida man dies in explosion after attempting to microwave a microwave
florida man dies in explosion after attempting to microwave a microwave
florida man picks up woman who fell out of moving suv, calmly puts her back in the suv, and drives off
florida man goes ape over $4 bundt cake coupon, may lose $204,000 job
florida man puts plastic bag over baby s head to stop him crying
unable to wait until july 4th, florida man blows off fingers with firework a day early
florida man and friend caught on camera getting their donut fix
florida man loses fingers, eyebrows in fireworks fail.
florida man ends stand-off with police after bomb threat. claims his neighbor was shooting microwaves into his brain.
florida man shot by ohio man after getting into an argument over which state has better strip clubs
florida man loses 2 fingers in fireworks accident
florida man calls the police to test the quality of his meth
florida man has $1300 returned to him after losing it in grocery store parking lot
florida man with four times the legal limit of booze in his blood and a cup of liquor in his car demands that cops search his vehicle. what could possibly go wrong?
florida man cop fired after walking through bar with his balls hanging out
florida man fires gun in the air, wounds theme park guest during fourth of july fireworks
florida man cop claims burger king put dirt in his food, turns out to be seasoning
florida man seriously injured after mortar-style firework explodes in his hand on 4th of july
florida man hit by celebratory gunfire during fourth of july fireworks show
florida man says dog was driving car, not him when pulled over on suspicion of dui
florida man walks around fort myers beach
florida man shoots mini van. then he gets caught in another state.
florida man breaks into a 70 year old woman's house, cooks spaghetti, and hangs around naked.
florida man shot at mother after she asked him for rent and gas money
florida man fired from his job for walking through a bar with his testicle hanging out of his pants.
he's an honorary florida man now.
florida man argues over whether publix really makes the best fried chicken
florida man chases woman with golf club drunk, and really enjoyed going limp to resist arrest.
florida man, enjoying the time-honored florida pasttime of "chasing your spouse around the house with a golf club", says he learned all he needed to know about resisting the cops from watching "live pd".
florida man says he was punched, dragged by car for having trump flag in front yard
florida man smashed his mother's car window during a family session
florida man has to be told 'drinking + holding a mortar tube = bad idea'
florida man arrested after concert
florida man breaks into house naked, then is scared away when the woman screams at him.
florida man arrested for felony assault. cross posted from r/blackpeopletwitter
florida man punched, dragged down the street by his arm for having trump flag in yard
residents called for help as irma rolled in. on-duty florida man cops drank coronas
florida man seriously injured after mortar-style firework exploded in his hand on 4th of july
florida man urinates on car, tries to run away from cop
florida man crashes motorcycle twice in one day.
florida man arrested for crawling under college library tables to sniff unsuspecting people s feet
heartbroken florida man intentionally crashes into a median, causing a six-car pile-up that kills a puppy
god directs florida man to start building ark
florida man stabs girlfriend before driving wrong way down highway, causing multi-car crash: police
drunk florida man dies after crashing motorcycle twice in one day
florida man/cop claims burger king put dirt on his food   investigation reveals it was seasoning
r.i.p florida man, may you live forever on in our hearts.
florida man fights off home invader armed with rifle
florida man calling himself 'the beast' gouges eyes of armed home intruder
florida man on fentanyl gets jaw broken from brachial stun after biting deputy
florida man kills himself after day-long standoff with deputies
florida man, aged 77, and florida woman, 55, drown in separate ponds after cocaine fueled tryst at a fish farm.
florida man dies after crashing his motorcycle twice in same day
florida man pretending to be a sultan was scamming a florida man billionaire. then he ate pork
florida man pagani owner uses his $1.5m car as room divider
florida man threatened me with a bag of shit because his dog attacked mine.
not content with mild brain damange, florida man ends his life with second motorcycle crash on same day.
woman slips a note to veterinary staff; half-a-dozen officers show up to arrest armed abusive florida man boyfriend
florida man big fan of reality tv
florida man burglar arrested with alligator in back of car
florida man pawns favorite gun to buy sod to avoid hoa fines, has heart attack while laying it down, is rushed to the hospital by firefighters who return to his house to lay down his sod.
florida man says cat downloaded child pornography onto his computer.
florida man named dick rider arrested for missing quarterly sex-offender check-in
accused florida man says his cat downloaded child porn, not him.
florida man arrested after spreading human waste on food and shelves inside store.
florida man accused of smearing human waste at melbourne store
florida man claims self-defense against a 5-year-old boy  armed  with a tennis racket
florida man attacks neighbor with tractor
florida man named dick rider arrested for missing quarterly sex-offender check-in [repost with permalink]
a florida man had a heart attack while laying sod in his front yard to avoid getting a fine from his homeowner's association, his wife wrote on facebook. first responders not only saved the man, but returned to his home and helped to finish his project.
florida man doesn't drink while he's driving, just while at stop lights and stop signs
florida man blames erratic driving on the dog, gets dui
video shows florida man, 72, trying to attack neighbor with tractor
florida man falls for nigerian prince scam, loses nearly $120k of political money
florida man mechanic filed ten auto accident claims for the same car, none were real.
homeless florida man releases pit bull on deputy
https://www.clickorlando.com/news/man-accused-of-harassing-partially-blind-man-dressed-as-minion
florida man gets in tractor fight with neighbor over land dispute.
florida man drinks beer during dui stop
florida man pistol whips woman over kfc
pennsylvania man trying to compete with florida man
florida man canoes to mississippi to raise funds for international relief organization
florida man goes for a ride. part 2
florida man attacks partially-blind person in minion costume
florida man with no arms stabs tourist
florida man arrested for attempting to steal a power pole by strapping it on top of his suv
florida man arrested after 4th of july airboat chase
florida man with drugs calls 911 to ask for a ride home
florida man didn't drink while driving, only while stopped at traffic lights and stop signs
armless florida man accused of stabbing man with scissors
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing tourist
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing chicago tourist
florida man charged in neighbor's tractor attack
florida man told police he wasn't drinking while driving, just at stop signs
florida man tries to mow down a neighbor with a tractor
florida man fired for stopping gun theft at his store
florida man tries to mow doen neighbor with tractor during dispute
florida man, 72, tries to mow down neighbor with tractor during dispute, cops say
florida man, police officer, claims the burger king special order should not have included being "tainted". bk owner says tape shows claim taint so.
florida man kills florida rapper
florida man doesn't mess around!
florida man says  bring them on, i m ready for them  immediately before being shot and killed by police officer.
florida man tries to mow down his neighbor with a tractor during a dispute.
florida man body slams partially blind man in a minion costume
armless florida man stabs tourist
florida man with no arms stabs tourist with scissors
armless florida man charged with stabbing tourist
florida man caught smuggling a python inside inside an external hard drive at the airport.
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing tourist.
florida man punches clerk over beer law, causes early discovery of benign brain cancer in clerk
homeless florida man with no arms charged with stabbing tourist
armless florida man stabs tourist
florida man with no arms charged with stabbing chicago tourist
florida man with no arms stabs tourist, not charged with armed robbery.
naked florida man rubs body on woman's sliding glass door
florida man says he s behind the dnc leaks. it s his latest hoax.
florida man steals sausages by stuffing them into his pants
florida man faces 6 months jail for not unlocking his phone
florida man accused of drunk driving, so claims dog was driving instead
florida man aka "the beast"
florida man hunts the iguanas that infesting south florida. then he makes them into tacos.
florida man hunts the iguanas that are infesting south florida. then he turns them into tacos.
florida man attacks blind, mentally handicapped man in a minion costume outside daytona beach store.
florida man without arms stabs tourist
florida man tell cops he didn't drink while driving, only at stop signs
florida man with no arms stabs tourists
florida police chief man told officers to pin unsolved crimes on random black people, according to probe
florida man police chief tells his officers to pin unsolved crimes on random black people, according to report
florida man arrested after smearing human poop on supermarket food
schlong state vintage: elected official florida woman with extremely big hair starts fight at 1984 city counsel meeting. featuring: barefoot florida man &amp; florida man with hook-hand. democracy is fun!
florida man with a knife tries to rob a 7-eleven, gets chased with pizza tray
florida man police chief told cops to arrest random black people to boost stats
florida man steals $1,000s in gold coins from job
florida man charged with shooting at and slicing relative with machete
florida man calling himself 'the beast' gouges eyes of armed home intruder. guess he didn't see that coming! amiright?
florida man under arrest (and out of job as pastor) after allegedly recording images under the dress of a parishioner as she bent over to put her child in a car seat.
florida man arrested after trying to burn down condo to 'kill all the f------ jews'
florida man - sylvan lacue
florida man arrested after trying to burn down condo to kill all the jews
florida man didn t drink while driving, only while stopped at traffic lights
florida man stabs brother over mac n  cheese, then apologizes.
florida man stabs younger brother over mac n' cheese, spills beer, apologizes.
new at 5: florida man @smashed bites his brother s penis off after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket.
florida man, 71, staged his suicide to look like murder by copying csi plot
florida man slices his daughter s body into 32 pieces after he finds out that she was dating a black man
florida man said "he said he was  going to burn down the building with all the f------ jews"
florida man jailed for failing to unlock his phone
florida man holding racist sign charged with assault after swinging megaphone at woman
florida man bites brother's penis off after he caught him having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragonball z blanket
florida man tries to burn down condo in an attempt to burn "all the jews."
smiling florida man takes unique photo with his girlfriend
grinning florida man arrested on slew of charges.
florida man bites off his brothers penis.
florida man fakes suicide with a weather balloon.
police: florida man was plotting to  burn  jewish neighbors
florida man planned to set building on fire to  kill all the jews , police say
the steven spielberg of porn and creator of the site blacked sues 60 florida man for pirating his videos.
9 year old florida man steals car, wreaks havoc
florida man arrested after plot to burn jewish neighbors discovered
lest we forget... pretty shitty, florida man.
a 71-year-old florida man tied a gun to a weather balloon to fake his own murder, police say
florida man bites his brother s penis off after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket.
florida man claims he only drank at stop lights, not while driving
florida man bites police officer, dies later in hospital
florida man uses weather balloon to fake his own murder
florida man throws bucket of shit at nigh it s window because he wasn t invited to a party
florida man sits on and suffocated brother for eating the last empanada
florida man jailed for failing to unlock his iphone
florida man finds loophole, claims he only drank at stoplights, and not while driving
florida man gets reddit tattoo that s gonna age well /s
florida man arrested for alleged plot to kill jewish neighbors
florida man attacks deputy with his cane.
florida man deputy hilariously heckles slow 'pedestrian'
florida man abandoned couch becomes tourist attraction
florida man abandoned couch becomes tourist attraction
florida man was 'awoken be demons' before he killed woman with a pipe and the bible. (the devil is always in the details.)
florida man dog fight club
florida man bites his brother s penis off after he walks in on his brother having sex with his cousin on his favorite dragon ball z blanket.
florida man is at it again.
florida man jumps the median in his truck to hit a bicyclist, leaves the scene, waits 10 days, then turns himself in to police
florida man kills woman thinking she's the devil.
florida man wants to burn jews!!!
florida man used weather balloon to make suicide look like a murder
putin must think florida man is dumb
florida man hopes showing his penis to jury will save him from a murder conviction
florida man swings anchor as weapon in grilled chicken dispute
florida man wouldn t buy florida woman cocaine. so she hit him in the face with her phone.
alligators need protection from florida man.
florida man arrested for tranquilizing and raping alligators in everglades
florida man claims he only drank at stoplights and not while driving
florida man charged with using a forklift to pin his girlfriend against a bus
florida man uses a forklift to pin his girlfriend against a bus
florida man dies after eating chocolate chip cookies
florida man dies after accidentally stabbing himself in the groin with a sword
florida man cutting loose at a ball game
florida man hacks wife's leg after being called short
florida man and florida woman smile for the camera with deputies following chase, arrest for drug possession
florida man fakes his own murder using a gun and a weather balloon
florida man rescued after trying to ride a hamster ball to the bahamas
we have heard of florida man. but what about the rare, less known, racist florida woman.
florida man thought he was getting casual sex with a bored housewife. turns out it was a cross-dressing man who recorded the sex and shared it on a porn website.
your friendly neighborhood florida man stealing carts from walmart
florida man goes next level pulp fiction.
florida man arrested for tranquilizing and raping alligators.
florida man knocks out and rapes alligators
florida man rapes and tranquilizes gators.
florida man arrested for tranquilizing and raping alligators in everglades
florida man sets apartment on fire after management told him he needed to stop masturbating in front of his windows and front door.
florida man tricks straight men into unknowingly starring in gay porn...
florida man has $1,300 stolen from his wallet by a stripper during a private dance
florida man store owner defends his natty ice.
florida man arrested for tranquilizing and raping alligators in everglades
http://www.foxnews.com/health/2018/07/18/flesh-eating-bacteria-in-raw-oysters-kill-florida-man-health-officials-say.amp.html
florida man posed as housewife, tricked men into doing sex acts on video
flesh-eating bacteria in raw oysters kill florida man, health officials say
florida man drops pants, says drugs  blessed to him by god 
florida man dies from flesh-eating bacteria after eating bad oysters
florida man driving 153 mph in corvette arrested for dui
florida man fled from cops and hid his cocaine, molly and gold grill in the bushes
florida boy, sidekick to florida man, goes on joy ride and crashing spree
florida man uses bible to kill woman he said was possessed.
they aren't dead?' florida man asks police when he learns 2 survived shooting, officials say
florida man pointed knife at woman to get her to worship satan with him.
florida man pointed knife at woman to get her to worship satan with him.
florida man with a literal monkey on his back arrested for car theft.
florida man said,  i m going to kill you.  then he grabbed her neck and threw a hot dog at her.
florida man arrested after swat team finds 346 pounds of marijuana in his home.
florida man posed as housewife to lure men into home where he'd secretly film sex acts for a porn site.
florida man hoped the deputies wouldn t notice all of the cocaine in his pocket, cops say
florida man is asked to resign from office after citizens allege he "preys" on homeless black men
florida man dies after eating fresh oysters in restaurant
florida man tranquilizes and rapes alligators.
florida man gropes georgia waitress, she takes him down
florida man gropes waitress. gets ass kicked and arrested.
florida man and florida woman get to keep their 'starry night house'
florida man forced to ground at gunpoint after food truck owner catches him stealing ribs, chicken after doing it every day for two months
florida man drops his pants at target, then tells cops his drugs were 'blessed by god.'
florida man "accidentally" kills woman who refused to date him, saying he broke into her home and strangled her because he wanted to "scare and then rescue her"
rabid otters, flying fish, brain-eating amoebas: 22 ways florida man can die
florida man- be careful if you re a florida man... this state
florida man shoots and kills another man during handicapped parking spot dispute
florida man sexually abuses gators - wtf!
florida man poses as housewife, posts secretly shot gay porn online.
florida man allegedly posed as housewife, posted secret sex films to gay porn sites
florida man shoots and kills father of three in fight over handicapped parking spot
just regular florida man stuff
drunk florida man scares kids at candy store. twenty minutes later and not far away another drunk florida man scares kids at birthday party.
florida man dies after eating oyster containing flesh eating bacteria
florida man body slammed by waitress after groping her
florida man killed by deputies after he kills dog
florida man killed trying to defend girlfriend from very aggressive old man's words
florida man drops his trousers at target, tells customer to kiss his a-s
florida man fatally shoots man in parking place dispute; fl police decline to arrest or charge
florida man decides that florida man who killed florida man was allowed to because, well it's florida...
florida man who killed unarmed man over parking spot won t be arrested
florida man who killed unarmed man over a parking spot won't be arrested
florida man breaks into home, gets naked, cooks spaghetti.
florida man likes the idea of not posting memes for a week (7/20-7/27) so pewdiepie has to make original content
hero waitresses body slams florida man who touched her buttocks
florida man found not guilty in oral sex murder case
florida man found not guilty in oral sex murder case | daily mail online
florida man wanted in 9 states arrested in maine on burglary charges
florida man plots to burn jewish neighbors
florida man sheriff: there will be no arrest after argument over handicap parking space leads to bodyslam, leading to fatal shooting
florida man sheriff: there will be no arrest in deadly fight over handicap parking space
florida man arrested for date raping alligators
university study says florida man is number 2 in the nation in being attacked by feral pigs.
florida man faked his own murder using a gun and weather balloon
police officer helps homeless florida man shave beard for job interview
florida man posts pictures of himself violating anti-doping rules, gets banned from upcoming national championship
florida man busted for dui after crashing during late-night mcdonald s run. bonus: he s a deputy sheriff.
florida man critically injured when building undergoing demolition decides to commit suicide a couple days early.
florida man spends 50k at strip club, hope it wasn t the day shift.
florida man really did go on a bender.
my florida man song
florida man charged with ecstasy, cocaine, mushroom possession
florida man accused of stealing identity of backstreet boys member for fake checks
florida man captured for sedating and sexually assaulting gators in everglades
florida man helps homeless man by giving him a clean shave for an interview
florida man dressed as florida woman tapes sex with other florida men for online porn. now in jail.
florida man gets a clean shave from police officer to land a job
not your typical florida man story...
wholesome florida man grooms fellow florida man to help him find a job
florida man calls 911 to say  deputies are idiots , gets arrested
florida man botches repair job on home, fakes his own death so he doesn't have to pay the owners back
florida man running for mayor takes a phone call from god in the middle of a debate
florida man gets ear-to-chin cut across his face when he's slashed by a florida woman with a box cutter
florida man arrested for blindfolding and tricking straight men into making gay porn
forget florida man, introducing blarney man
florida man in the rain
florida man was 'huffing' before delray beach crash that killed family of 4: cops - nbc 6 south florida
florida man is considered not armed but extremely monty pythonish
florida man makes it across two counties on a stolen forklift
florida man stole ids of backstreet boys member, mlb stars and nba coach, officials say
florida man with  family over everything  tattoo assaults his pregnant girlfriend, attacks arresting officer, and punches a police dog
young florida man infected with hookworms on florida beach
florida man shoots "charging" bear
florida man steals ice cream truck and later apologizes for "being an idiot."
unmoving florida woman falls out of florida man's suv - florida man calmly picks her up
florida man allegedly cashes fake checks posing as backstreet boy howie dorough and baseball players
florida man poses as backstreet boy howie dorough and baseball players to cash fake checks
florida man carries an alligator around in a gas station while on a beer run.
mayoral florida man jokes not to hire people who are fat, smoke or would 'get pregnant'
florida man hit by car doing drake's #inmyfeelings dance challenge
florida man hit by car doing drake s #inmyfeelings dance challenge
florida man charged for cutting off puppy's ears after he saw it on internet
florida man trying to stay cool
florida man armed with a live alligator chases people all over a convenience store, screaming: "y'all ain't out of beer, are ya?".
a florida man cavalcade
florida man drives across busy bridge shooting his gun in the air, now faces felony charges
florida man drives across busy bridge firing his gun in the air, now faces felony charges
florida man makes beer run with alligator in hand, wildlife officials investigating
florida man chases away store customers with a baby alligator  just to buy beer
florida man wielding live gator chases people in convenience store, video shows
florida man punches car in fit of road rage
florida man steals forklift because he was  tired of walking 
homeless florida man applying for mcdonald's job lands position with florida cop's help [tallahassee, fl   this is a followup to the earlier viral photo]
florida man charged with attacking minion on boardwalk
florida man walks into a florida store to buy beer bringing an alligator inside
tom cruise is a florida man, report says
florida man enters jacksonville store and chases people with live alligator
florida man arrested for  strip dancing  for a baby while at a burger king
florida man makes beer run with gator in hand, fwc investigating
video shows florida man clinging to back of moving bus in pompano beach
florida man brings his gator to the liquor store for a beer run.
florida man admits to stabbing stepfather to death because thought he was the  devil 
shirtless florida man in walmart with raccoon
florida man tries to bomb target store so he can buy cheap target stock and get money as a result
florida man makes bank trading brats for bratwursts
florida man hit by car while dancing in the street for the  in my feelings  challenge
florida man commits sexual battery against teenage boy
tom cruise is now an official florida man
better be ready to see a new florida man around
florida man police officer saves man from oncoming train
tom cruise becomes a florida man to be closer to scientology overlords
florida man bus driver fired after he shooed people off his bus so he could have sex with a passenger
florida man waves alligator at clerks asking if they've run out of beer
florida man faces 40 years in prison for making bombs and plotting to put them in target stores
florida man brings florida raccoon into walmart deli section
florida man takes alligator with him on beer run. sometimes i m a little embarrassed to live here.
florida man pulls gun on man who dropped cigarette at state park
florida man hit by car while attempting drake's "in my feelings" challenge
deputies greet florida man, who rushed to open the door expecting marijuana buyers
florida man hit by car during  in my feelings  challenge
watch: florida man carries alligator into convenience store
florida man stabbed over request for $2
florida man-atee tries to mate with dead female
florida man buys beer with an alligator in his hands
florida man trump supporters say they d believe him if  he says he s going to turn the moon purple 
florida man rents fishing boat, motors six miles off the coast, chums the water, then watches as the boat sinks and sharks start showing up
florida woman arrested for throwing knife at man who ate her leftover chinese
florida man tries trading live alligator for beer
florida man or woman idk what the fuck it is subway employee reportedly swung kitchen knife at customers in miami
florida man arrested after his song doesn t get played on the jukebox
florida man sought for his role in alligator-taken-into-beer store scandal
florida brewery sells beer named after the notorious florida man
florida man fired after he planted a camera in the women s bathroom at the restaurant where he worked.
florida man bites of his neighbors ear because he wouldn t give him a cigarette
florida man the beer: florida brewery sells beer named after the notorious florida man
florida man facing murder charge in fight over handicap spot
florida man gets stabbed twice in the neck and doesn't notice.
florida man dumped bucket of waste inside 7-eleven
florida man at it again, this time with a poop bucket
florida man fixes florida
florida man who took alligator into store on beer run is arrested
florida man beats the crap out of a drunk in poker
florida man cop claims burger king put dirt on his food   investigation reveals it was seasoning
florida man killed by swat deputies after standoff had bb gun, orange sheriff says
florida men talk about florida man on their (relatively) new podcast
florida man makes beer run with live alligator in hand
florida man attempts to cash $368 billion check and explains why he needed that much money
florida man shocked while attempting parkour on power pole
florida man jailed for failing to unlock his phone
florida man slashes son with knife, son hits back with an ax.
florida man accused of killing woman in dui crash will not face charges, state missed filing deadline
florida man seen on camera putting white bodily fluid into co-worker's drink
florida man takes 5-foot alligator on beer run, chaos ensues
florida man forgets he brought an alligator into a beer fridge.
florida man who carried alligator into liquor store forgot it happened
florida man causes school to evacuate after he tries to throw powder like lebron james
florida man who seduced dolphin in the 70s has documentary made about the experience
three florida man arrested in connection with illegal slaughterhouse
florida man captured on video attempting to rape woman in new york city
florida man proposes to minnie mouse
big thanks to florida gov. florida man on allowing toxic waste to now be dumped!
florida man arrested for practicing karate by kicking swans in the head
florida man saves the children with his gun
florida man wielding live gator chases people in convenience store, video shows
florida man covered in vomit, soaked in piss says tito s vodka got him all effffed up
florida man arrested for dropping his load in co-worker's drink.
florida man tries to force kfc employee to reopen restaurant at gunpoint
the adventures of florida man and ohio boy
florida man shoots, kills girlfriend's service dog in miami
florida man found in cafe freezer attacks worker with knife then dies in the struggle
florida man charged with commercial burglary claims wawa as his home address
florida man seems to be a growing theme.
florida woman distraught over the death of her "snuggle buddy", a pit bull, shot by her boyfriend as dog bites florida man
florida man has marijuana coming out of his rear end
drunk florida man who brought live alligator on beer run says he doesn t recall it
florida man former teacher who is running for school board is criticized by former student on facebook. he tells the one-time student to meet him face-to-face and says he will bring his 'paddle.'
florida man strips naked and runs through mall parking lot, responds to police questions with whopping noises.
florida man sheriff tell rev. al sharpton to go back to ny
florida man used classified ads to kill people
florida man corralled by cows while running from police
florida man arrested in sim swap conspiracy
florida man is at it again! brevard county
florida man gets into political argument on facebook, takes matters into his own hands, someone ends up with a bullet in the butt.
the levels of florida man
florida man shoots buttocks over facebook politics
florida man bent on solving chicken murder mystery
florida man kills rare turtle with barstool
florida man running from police gets corralled by cows
florida man goes beaching during red tide
florida man drives to friend s house and shoots him after arguing about politics on facebook
florida man (actually cows) thwarts carjacker and and bring her to police.
suspected florida man stopped by cows
florida man shot in buttocks over political argument on facebook
florida man robs delaware kfc with bb gun, gets arrested.
florida man threatened to blow up lesbians s house because she turned him down for sex: police
florida man gets fired for battery, breaks into workplace and sends documentation to former employer
florida man calls tv station threatening "something will happen", sets fire to house, then gets fatally shot by police
florida man carjacking suspect thwarted by cows who herd him straight toward police
florida man udder arrest
florida man named thor fires 30 bullets after argument over rent
habitual choking florida man arrested after fight with noodles
florida man arrested for stealing diapers from walgreens stores
florida man palm tran bus driver fired after he punched passenger who used racial slurs and spit on him
florida man dumps port-a-potty waste in 7-eleven as revenge
not exactly florida man but still funny
florida man told police he got f'd up on tito's vodka
florida man can't get enough fentanyl
florida man dies in walmart parking lot, trending pattern
florida man arrested for illegally dumping 10,000 gallons of used cooking oil, deputies say
florida man dies after being punched in the face
florida man will kick your butt. he just asks that you wait until he puts shorts on first.
florida man releases riddick goggles that make you look like a robotic fly for $2,295.
florida man shoots a man after heated political disagreement on facebook
florida man dies after single punch to the face by nyc driver
homophobic, racist and libelous florida man pickets outside home because of online argument.
florida man gets 270 days in jail for fatal dog beating
florida man satanist convicted of trespassing after praying at government meeting
florida man wounded while showing off his gun live on social media
florida man dies after being knocked unconscious by new york driver he thought might be his ride
florida man strips and dances erotically in a steakhouse.
drunk florida man yells at bus driver, calls him n*****, spits on him and gets beaten unconscious.
florida man prefers haha and not like
florida man men sought after boxes returned to target filled with play-doh instead of hard drives
florida man says he  went off the deep end  when he shot a man in the butt after an argument on facebook over trump
florida man can t keep a straight face when his co-host cracks dad jokes during florida man story
florida man gets penetrated by russia
florida man is robbed, and "mr. bang bang" is to blame.
florida woman asks man to jump start her car before cops arrive, daytona beach police say
florida man paints a beautiful white ibis blue
florida man gets mad fires 30 bullets in his garage...
florida man named thor fires gun 30 times in garage after argument. maybe he couldn't find his hammer?
florida man went off the deep end and shot a man in the buttocks over facebook argument
florida man shoots man over facebook argument
florida man on flakka thinks he's possessed, strips naked, disrupts traffic on i-95
florida man threatened to lynch local naacp president, police say
florida man redditor shoots off his dick, castrates himself, saut es and eats his penis, then bleeds out to death all in the name of god
florida man hijacks empty plane from seattle airport and does aerial tricks before crashing into island
florida man has been noticed by pewdiepie.
florida man gives a drunken strip tease to a woman in a steakhouse, tries to fight her husband when she tells him to stop
florida man arrested for a sim card hacking ring.
florida man threatenes jason chaffetz over iphone comment
florida man pretending to work for water company distract, steals from 95-year-old woman, police say
florida man and florida woman found dead inside giant helium balloon
florida man really let himself go.
florida man (men) bought 69 hard drives, returned boxes full of play-doh
florida man is caught 'lacing his female co-worker's water mug with semen
florida (buffalo) man robbed at swordpoint
just in: florida man urinates in neighbor s mailbox during dispute
florida man steals t-shirt, causing mass panic; ultimately tackled near garbage cans
florida man invokes 'stand your ground' law after shooting man over parking space
florida man gets blackmailed after masturbating for stranger on skype
prosecutor overrules sheriff, charges florida man in 'stand your ground' case
florida man stabs best friend for liking the memes he sent instead of reacting with  haha 
in god we trust' now must be displayed in all florida man schools
florida man robert tyson charged with putting semen in female colleague s drink
where will florida man retire when sea levels rise?
florida man and former neo nazi converts to islam, kills neo nazi roommates
florida man takes knife and cuts hands after pusheing grandmother to ground
florida man saves the day for once
florida man takes knife, cut hands and runs around breaking things after pushing grandma to floor
florida man reads "kobe steak house" as "chippendales" immediately begins stripping and dancing for restaurant patrons
florida man arrested after jumping the fence at governors house looking for his lost cell phone
florida man wins $10m lottery with fortune cookie numbers
florida man convinces two female officers to have a threesome instead of giving him a ticket.
florida man accused of killing girlfriend claims  very smart  dogs could be responsible.
florida man watches child porn while waiting for a doctors appointment.... gets caught.
florida man, hoping to get elected as a republican to the state house, lives in a $500k house and applied for food stamps, because of course he did.
florida man ties thief to pole in dublin
florida man named 'god' burglarizes a home in his boxers
florida man continues to be supported as city commissioner by local resudents despite tendency to threaten to kick people's teeth in.
florida man punches girlfriend s son in the face over waffle house bill
florida man arrested for video voyeurism at library bathroom. a mother and son went to the library. a drama played out in an unlikely place, cops say
florida man arrested for "pleasuring himself" at a table at panera bread
til a florida man tired of other drivers using their cellphones installed a signal jammer in his car and was fined by the fcc $48,000 for its use
during debate over city budget, hallandale beach mayor, florida man, accuses city commissioner of making a living from bleaching her sphincter
florida man strikes again.
florida man mayor publicly accuses commissioner of anal bleaching
florida man mayor accuses commissioner of anal bleaching during city meeting
florida man tries to run the radio shack he works at, then shows up for shift
florida man tries to rob the radio shack he works at, then shows up for shift
florida man hangs from traffic signal and defecates on passing traffic.
florida man shoots girlfriend in the head, says the dogs did it.
florida man, but a mayor...
florida man, 88, set fire to trapped raccoon, police say
florida man steals one car, breaks into two homes, steals another car...
florida man tries cooking up a meal.
florida man arrested in atlantic city, nj after ditching loaded handgun
florida man, 39, batters 78-year-old girlfriend
drunk florida man arrested for 'cussing' loudly
florida man steals pickup from car dealership, runs over mailboxes, crashes into gate, steals motorcycle, tries to steal semi, gets caught at credit union with drugs
florida man known as 'gator crusader' shows off photos of his daughter with alligators in living room, pool
florida man doctor goes to airport, starts foaming at the mouth and swearing, gets pepper sprayed by cops
florida man, a federal judge, faces assault/abuse charges, police raids, potential road rage incident
florida man beats 78 year old girlfriend over losing directv service
floral-capped florida man robs 7-11. florida woman clerk administers beating to florida man.
florida man allegedly killed his girlfriend's daughter, 3, after she painted on a picture of him
florida man pulls gun on cop. doesn't get shot
florida man pulls gun on cop. doesn't get shot
florida man mayor claims that fellow commissioner earns a living doing sphincter bleaching
florida man allegedly drunkenly steals two cell phones, goes full rambo on the phone's owners once they show up at his place, then later cop find weed plant in his closet.
florida man, also a white doctor, says the police treated him like a 'f**king black person' says he was just trying to make a point.
florida man in jail after giving girlfriend a 'wet willy."
oc] florida man writes florida man song
florida man, 88, accused of setting raccoon on fire for eating his mangos
florida man says "man.. i don't get why though" when he's told he needs to own books to join a book club.
florida man lights raccoon on fire for eating his mangos.
florida man  tired of walking  steals forklift
florida man wins election by drawing straws.
florida man is charged with destroying burrowing owl nests
florida man running for city commission claims facebook account hacked, used to promote ad accusing opponent of tainted breastmilk
florida man twists the nipples of a two-year old boy so hard, they come off. tells police it was just a game.
i think florida man now has a rival in europe.
florida man: pastor, step-dad raped teen girl for a year, then threatened her with voodoo, cops say
florida man sets raccoon on fire for eating his mangoes
florida man pulled over for driving unregistered vehicle. found concealing two cans of fart spray  in his purse.  freed on $120 bail.
florida man microwaves a microwave and dies as a result from the explosion
florida man steals from cop car, and livestreams it.
florida man dies after microwaving a microwave
florida man says ex-wife's divorce lawyer intentionally hit him with a car
florida teen, soon to be a florida man, stole an ar-15 and gear from a police car and then posted pictures of his loot to his instagram live stream.
florida man wants to know if just one society in the developed world has had any benefits from the introduction of more muslims
florida man keeps on stealing street sign for mary jane lane
florida man, teacher, sent eggplant emoji to student, offered extra credit for sex
florida man hits woman with car, leaves, tells cops didn't know what happened
florida man is no longer has the worst drivers in the nation, study finds
florida man takes photo of a crocodile floating on a pool noodle
florida man smashes through women's restroom, steals money and cigarettes
florida man holds up kfc employee with gun, tries to force her to reopen the kfc.
florida man stabs mother multiple times with screwdriver
florida man arrested for burning alive a mango devouring raccoon
florida man kills alpaca with lethal dose of doritos, cheese nips
florida man found with almost 3 lbs of weed flees cops
now i understand the florida man.
florida man records six months of farts while on security duty.
florida man   shoeless and shirtless   steers harley-davidson with his feet at full speed on i-95
florida man (15 yr old) shoots father in leg, makes homemade firebomb after parents caught the teen sexting his gf and attempted to end the relationship
florida man gives granny a florida-style uber ride
florida man accused of assault with biscuit
florida man performs striptease for couple at japanese restaurant, threatens to fight husband when he says he didn't order it.
florida man duped straight men on craigslist into believing he was a housewife, lured them to his home and made them wear blacked-out goggles so he could film himself performing sex acts on them which he then shared to porn site
florida man so drunk he finds himself driving into a family's living room
florida man with no shirt and no helmet cruises full-speed down the interstate while lounging on his motorcycle.
florida man photographs florida crocodile using pool noodle to cross canal
florida man theme song found! "moving to florida"
florida man driving motorcycle with bare feet on interstate (video)
florida man on highway driving his motorcycle with his feet while putting sunscreen on.
florida man keeps marijuana in his bible
federal office closed after florida man judge threatens co-worker, authorities say
florida man, a mere 26 years old, has most of his face covered in tattoos. his life of crime has once more been truncated by arrest.
oh he is definitely a florida man, alright. an american hero too.
florida man sets raccoon on fire for eating his mangoes
florida man fired for his viral fart videos
florida man accused of touching himself in front of twirling group at closed gas station
florida man gets fired for filming 6 months of his farts
florida man and woman's monkey bites kid at carrabba's on "monkey monday"
wearable? haha florida man tshirt
florida man mayor arrested on domestic batter charge, smiles for mugshot
florida man candidate who runs nightclub for seniors could lose election due to firing his customers' favorite cover band
florida man doctor pushes nurse down stairs while on duty at hospital
florida man fired for farting and filming himself at work
florida man burns raccoon for eating his mangoes, police say
florida man demands doughnuts while robbing krispy kreme
florida man photo'd weaving through i-95 traffic in miami almost naked
florida man gets bitten in the butt by police dog after trying to steal tires
florida man attempts to rob krispy kreme, demands money and donuts, cops say.
florida man arrested and charged with extensive cyberstalking and threats campaign
florida man with no arms and legs is "armed and on the run" according to police.
florida man threatens co-worker with box cutter in argument about christian music
florida man finds $20,000 ring on siesta key
florida man - no arms, no legs, armed and dangerous, on the run after killing parents.
florida man loves pepper spray way too much.
florida man drives out of parking garage on the 4th floor
florida man drives out of parking garage from the 4th floor
florida man crashes his car into a golf course sand trap after doing donuts on the fairway.
florida man, on a slow news day, does an entire news segment on a fallen tree. he even found the kids that used to climb the tree.
florida man eats bad oysters, gets food poisoning, suffers paralysis, has to learn to walk again, files lawsuit and wins $6.7 million.
florida man commits simulated crimes
florida man and florida woman take a break from molding the minds of future florida men in order to get it on. both insist they were  off the clock 
flordia man and florida woman take a break from molding the minds of future florida men and women to get it on in the classroom. both insist they were "off the clock" and did "nothing wrong"
florida man arrested after 7 zoo animals found in his apartment
florida man writes book of 'non-fiction poetry' based on florida man
florida man attacks mother because of ham
florida man performs hit n  run, gets pulled over, pretends to be asleep
florida man gets tired of waiting at hospital, steals ambulance, drives home
florida man head butted by an alligator- out cold immediately
authorities still looking for active florida man who stole 5 cases of monster energy drink a month ago.
florida man taps gator's nose, gets sunglasses knocked off
florida man gets lost, may be in georgia
florida man charged after police chases in southern alberta, saskatchewan
florida man spends a week in prison before prosecutors realise they had the wrong guy
florida man tries to shoot biking neighbor while shouting "i am jesus christ"
florida man discovers the quickest way to get an elderly man to move out of his seat -- just grab him by his genitals.
florida man identified in police lineup after telling florida liquor store clerk to remember his face after shooting him
florida man catches alligator, alligator knocks out florida man
florida man used acid bombs to evict unwanted house guests
florida man dead after slap box escalates into a shooting
florida man caught masturbating tells officers he's captain kirk - wfla
florida man (deputy) takes out hammer wielding suspect with can of baked beans
florida man (deputy) takes out another florida man with can of baked beans
florida man arrested for strangling woman with phone cord
florida man opens taco restaurant named in honor of el chapo
arrests in big child pornography sting include florida man disney employee, florida man legoland employee and florida man retired teacher who lives alone and often goes to disney by himself.
florida man sets black neighbor s car on fire because it was too  flashy    and cops offer excuses
florida man gets 20 years, ordered to pay $1.9m in restitution for arson scheme
florida man had an intriguing opening line when applying for a job as a police officer; "want to see some dead guys?"
bitter biter: caught-and-released lemon nips florida man
cop takes down florida man with a can of beans
florida man steals 7 animals from zoo to keep them at his apartment
deputy takes down florida man threatening shoppers with a hammer by throwing two cans of bush's extra brown sugar baked beans at him
florida man, wearing a clown mask and waving scissors, chases little caesar's employee
florida man huffs air duster in front of a cop, tries driving away
deputy takes down florida man with beans as alternative to use of deadly force
florida man who can't swim jumps off boat to climb a buoy in the middle of tampa bay. predictable results ensue.
florida man illegally enters canada and ends international diplomacy mission with high speed pursuit
florida man arrested for beating child who ate all his cheez-its and tea
south florida man sent inmates legal papers soaked with synthetic pot, officials say.
florida man gets bush-whacked, struck with can of beans by local deputy
florida man sold documents soaked in synthetic pot to inmates so they could get high, cops say
florida man leads deputies on chase in stolen car with two children
jury awards 4 cents to family of florida man killed by deputy
florida man "did it for the children" when police asked about the 33g of cocaine in his home
pinellas deputies arrest aggressive florida man meat salesman who stole $200 from 85-year-old woman
florida man has strongest wood
florida man isn t special, he s just the only one reported on.
florida man bush-wached
florida man deputy fired for twitter trolling
florida man fatally stabs roommate over groceries being eaten
florida man pulls a knife to steal a single hot dog.
highly intoxicated florida man falsely warns disney world security of active shooter, runs into a bush and pisses on himself
florida man killed by exploding vape pen
florida man accused of pretending to be a psychologist
florida jury awards $4 to family of man fatally shot by sheriff's deputy in his own garage
florida man with infamous face, neck tattoos arrested for alleged vehicle theft
florida man with tattoos all over his face keeps stealing trucks
florida man beats his kid after he eats all the cheez-its, cops say
florida man causes multiple car crashes then flees on foot, cops say
florida man attacked men he believed to be muslim with knife, stun gun at mcdonald s
florida man works strips at gay nightclub to afford pet hyena
florida man works as stripper to afford pet hyena
the definitive power set of florida man
florida man facing federal charges after posting a video of himself harassing alligators and endangered florida panther kittens.
florida man arrested for practicing karate by kicking swans in the head
florida man impersonated a saudi prince for decades, cheating investors out of millions of dollars
a florida man, anthony gignac, pretended to be a saudi prince to defraud millions from investors
florida man attempts to rob store with finger guns.
a florida man impersonated a saudi prince for decades, cheating investors out of millions of dollars
florida man kills best friend for not saying 'no homo' after 10-hour anal session
florida man masturbating tells police he's captain kirk from 'star trek'
florida man held family at gunpoint as robbers ransacked home
florida man - atlanta
florida man confuses twitter florida man
florida man charged with battery after cutting friend's hand with machete
florida man arrested again, mugshots provide timeline of facial tattoos
jury clears florida man in fatal shooting, awards victim's family $5
florida man caught masturbating tells police he's captain kirk from 'star trek'
where no man has come before - florida man caught masturbating at bus stop claims he is captain kirk
family of black man killed by white cop awarded just $4 by florida man jury
florida man arrested after snapchat post about putting bombs on cars in the high-school parking lot. he thought it was "funny and a joke."
florida man recounts final moments of roach dying in his ear
florida man arrested for rolling joint on interstate
florida man little caesars employee kills man wearing halloween mask
florida man discovers a ghost ship
nosy florida man deputy ignores rule to don t come a knockin  if this van s a rockin 
florida man goes on journey to answer the question: why does every publix have a big scale in it?
florida man must pay $2m in child support after hiding in fla. under stolen id
florida man gets a bullet in his head when he criticizes his wife s googling ability, or lack of it
florida man killed by fallen printing press machinery in pennsylvania
florida man sets phaser to stun
a wholesome florida man story, for once
florida man caught masturbating tells cops he's captain kirk from 'star trek'
florida woman attacks florida man with bowl of spaghetti
florida man robs store with finger guns
florida man lawyer tweets  never trust a muslim' then decides he wants to run for judge.
masked florida man burglar gives thumbs up to security camera, unaware that buddy next to him apparently forgot a mask and can be seen clear as day, which means they almost certainly will be caught.
florida man wearing clown mask and armed with scissors attacks little caesar's employee and gets fatally shot
florida man dons clown mask, attacks little caesar's employee with scissors, is shot dead
florida man teacher accused of drowning raccoons in front of his science class won't be charged
florida man shoots two people in gas station drive-by and gets away without a trace
florida man arrested for possession of endangered gopher tortoises intended to eat them
florida man and woman sue mcdonald's for paying for cheese
florida man punches pregnant lady in the stomach, rips off her toenail.
florida man cop just publicly fantasized about david hogg s disturbing death on facebook
florida man won t face charges for drowning raccoons, opossum in front of students
florida man stole $30,000 in scratch-off tickets from winn-dixie and won a trip to jail
florida man guilty of impersonating saudi royal member
a florida man faces multiple charges and lost his driver s licence after a speeding car was spotted passing other vehicles on the shoulder of highway 401 near chatham, (ontario, canada) police say.
florida man stops to ask cops for directions, forgets he's been drinking, blows .198, popped for dui
florida man steals car and realizes a baby is in it, drops off baby safely before making his get away
florida little caesars employee kills man wearing a halloween mask
city fines florida man 2nd time for violating 2 rabbit limit
florida man breaks into burger king and drinks 25 gallons of deep frying oil
florida man shoots board-wielding zombie clown outside little cesars
florida man learns no good deed goes unpunished as he tries to release captured shark back into the sea and things go about how you'd imagine.
florida man steals an unmarked police car and crashes into everything in sight
florida man working at little caesars shoots other florida man in clown mask
florida pizza shop employee allegedly shoots, kills man in clown mask outside store
florida man drowns raccoons in front of students. no charges pressed.
florida man defends tom brady at all cost
florida man, wearing a clown mask and armed with a wooden post and scissors, shot and killed by little caesars employee after he attacked him while closing up.
florida man arrested for having 36 roosters, police say
florida man sparks mid-flight brawl after denied beer, threatening to kill seatmate
florida man in wheelchair injures winter haven officers with sword, police say
florida man twists 2 year olds nipples
unfortunate-faced florida man scares playground kids into abstinence
florida man runs from the cops, jumps into a lake, tries to hide in the lily pads
florida man sentenced to life imprisonment for brutal murder of guatemalan teen. david harris said he and two of his companions decided to go "guat hunting".
florida man steals expensive legos, florida citizens just can't figure out why
florida man arrested for teaching kids where babies come from... at the top of his lungs
florida man faces charges after pulling knife, stun gun on muslim students at mcdonald's
florida man pulls knife on students eating hamburgers, goes on anti-muslim rant at mcdonald s
florida man shoots neighbors dog for being in yard then asks r/legaladvice if he can get sued for vet bills.
florida man and women charged with man slaughter after infant died of phentenoyl and cocoaine overdoes.
florida man challenges everyone to a fight at chili's in vero beach
florida man and florida woman sue mcdonald's for putting cheese on their sandwiches
florida man breaks into 13 cars in a one-block radius. he was wearing an ankle bracelet so the cops had no problem figuring out he did it.
florida man climbs jungle gym to scream about where babies come from
florida man asks to take a car for a test drive, pulls gun on salesman, picks up buddy, runs car into palm tree
florida man wakes up to cockroach in his ear after years of battling infestation
florida man has a few drinks
florida man breakers into jail to hang with friends
florida man pulls knife on students eating burgers, goes on anti-muslim rant at mcdonald s
florida man climbs on playground equipment to tell children where babies come from
florida man arrested after screaming at a playground full of kids about where babies come from
florida man attacks man with singing fish
florida man arrested by fbi for getting in fight after demanding more beer on the plane.
florida man has a roach lay egg in his ear.
florida man arrested for threatening customers with stun gun while yelling get out of my country.
florida man climbs playground, tells kids where babies come from
florida man throws dumbbell
i present to you a florida man takes wendy s
florida man climbs playground equipment, tells kids where babies come from
florida man invites locals to lay down in grocery store for 12 minutes as a protest
get out of my country : florida man arrested after attacking men with knife, stun gun at mcdonald s: report
armed man in florida mcdonald s yelled 'get out' of america
unemployed florida man accused of stalking investigator: 'he's well on his way to the inside of a gator'
armed florida man at mcdonald's yelled 'get out' of america
florida man arrested for shoplifting in uniform at walmart
florida man bit his dog to "establish dominance"
florida man charged with beating ex, putting her in trunk.
florida man arrested after telling kids where babies come from
florida man broke into jewelry store, cut himself on glass and bled all over everything
florida man legally changes his name to lando calrissian
is ya boy, florida man
florida man running for congress says puerto ricans should go back "where they belong."
florida man arrested for telling kids on playground where babies come from
florida man, who used to play for dolphins and bills, involuntarily committed after going berzerk at gym
florida man sues mcdonald s because he was forced to remove cheese from burger
florida man and florida woman sue mcdonald's because they had to pick the cheese off their quarter pounders
florida man gives kiddies sex education class at the playground. mug shot should be enough to scare anyone, adult or child away.
florida man punches several strangers at grocery store at random
florida man takes over florida with surf board! kawabunga dude   
florida man climbs on playground equipment to tell children where babies come from | wjtc
florida man caught walking around naked with a bottle of cooking oil
florida man tasered after running naked through storm
naked florida man runs around with cooking oil bottle and gets tasered by police
cross posted florida man
florida man accused of trying to burn several sex offenders at motel
florida man dies after altercation at publix
florida city warns florida man residents of extreme zombie activity
florida man running for governor thinks slaves can save florida billions
florida man climbs playground equipment yells to kids about where babies come from
florida man arrested after telling kids where babies come from.
florida man finds tide pod in his mcdonald s coke after he drinks it and it erupts like a volcano
florida man finds tide pod in his mcdonald s coke after he drinks it and it erupts like a volcano.
florida man awoken to  extreme zombie activity  alert due to power outage
florida man utility hacked to warn residents of zombie outbreak
florida man alert officer sends out fake  zombie  alert during power outage
florida man caddie assaults opponent during golf tournament
florida man currently in barricaded in his apartment and is surrounded by multiple law enforcement agencies.
florida man is currently barricaded in his apartment and possibly shooting it out with multiple law enforcement agencies that have him surrounded.
florida man charged with sexual battery after 12 year old discovered with std
florida man scares kids at playground, ranting about where babies come from, police say
florida man city issues 'zombie alert' to residents during power outage
florida man climbs playground equipment, tells kids where babies come from
florida man teaches the next generation
gopher tortoise poaching florida man admits he eats threatened species
florida man porn actor accused of shooting up trump hotel appears in court and immediately admits to a crime
florida man forced people to drive him around to get drugs
florida man arrested for trying to eat gopher tortoises
florida man considered dead since 2003 ordered to pay $2 million in child support
florida man climbs atop playground equipment at park, tells kids where babies come from
florida man climbs onto the roof at wendy's, goes crazy in his underwear
florida man and florida woman steal wal-mart scooter, ride it to bar
florida man tasered after walking naked through neighborhood carrying cooking oil
florida man sheriff's deputy accused of stealing action figures from walmart
not that unusual for florida man
atlanta - florida man
florida man and florida woman steal motorized shopping cart from walmart, drive to bar
florida man charged with leaving girl, 4, locked in car at courthouse
florida man reasons he really doesn't want to get arrested for just a measly trespassing charge, so he kicks it up a notch by shouting insults at the law and peeing in the backseat of their prowler.
florida man punches deaf pregnant woman, service dog: police
florida man punches pregnant deaf woman and service dog on flight
florida man spends 4 hours in underwear yelling at people on top of a wendy's restaurant roof
florida man father allegedly run over by daughter's florida man ex-boyfriend
florida man (or man flying to florida) punches pregnant deaf woman, service dog aboard frontier flight to orlando
florida man, via press release: fire at florida school was caused by florida boy attempting to change his mood ring. the name of the school: rymfire.
florida man has sex with a horse, lies about it, then admits to it.
florida man applies for dentist license. florida asks florida man for his dental school diploma. florida man responds by saying he's a very close friend of donald trump.
florida man gave a teen girl meth to 'keep her off the streets,' cops say
florida deputies save florida man from drug overdose.
florida man gunman shot at trump hotel was a stripper and porn actor who loved melania trump
florida man resigns as high schools teacher as state agencies investigate his drowning two raccoons and an opossum in class with assistance from students
florida man resigns as high school teacher as state investigates drowning if two raccoons and an opossum in class with assistance from students
florida man resigns as high school teacher as state investigates drowning of two raccoons and an opossum assisted by students in class
florida man tasered after walking naked through neighborhood carrying cooking oil
florida man arrested for splashing water near mating manatees
florida man arrested for throwing alligator into wendy's drive thru window
florida man becomes world's first to die from vaping
florida man drowns animals during class  just for sport,  makes students watch and help
florida man kicked swans in the head at florida park
florida man operates mugshot extortion scheme and is arrested
florida man gets shot by police for firing gun and yelling about trump at trump's golf course
florida man opens fire in a trump-owned golf resort, two officers injured
florida man dies after vape pen explodes
florida man reports his illegal gun stolen, is jailed
florida man injured after falling from the roof of an suv in walmart parking lot; driver flees the scene
florida man says he knows who  d.b. cooper  was: his best friend.
florida man high school baseball coach calls umpire 'tubby' and threatens to beat him up in the parking lot, then gets suspended.
florida man infiltrates air force base wearing fake uniform, takes selfies with scramble-ready f-16 jets
florida man walks naked through a neighborhood carrying a bottle of cooking oil, police say
florida man owner of mugshots.com arrested in california for extortion, money laundering &amp; identity theft
florida man punches pregnant woman and service dog in airplane scuffle in orlando
florida man!?! noooooooooooo!
florida man running from police finally stopped by fallen pants, officers say
vape pen explosion kills florida man
florida man is first american to die in vaping accident
florida man can't drive all that well, will try for the "pants on too low" defense as he's nabbed when trousers fell down
i just started a florida man podcast. constructive feedback is welcome.
florida man dies after vape pen explodes in his pocket
florida man dies after vape pen explodes in his face
florida man becomes the first death attributed to vaping. he suffered a "projectile wound to the head."
exploding vape kills florida man
florida man sex offender knocks on woman's door around midnight, asks for $60, forces his way inside, steals jewelry box, runs away, attacks k-9 named ronin and gets arrested
florida man teaches his high school students how to take care of racoons
florida man operates charter flights without pilot's license, ends up in prison
florida man captures video of sandhill cranes squaring off with a gator. the cranes win.
florida man awarded $37,500 after police mistook sugar for crystal meth
florida man was suffering marijuana-induced psychosis, his lawyer said, when he bashed fellow passengers and crew with a wine bottle
florida man posted on social media he was looking for  sexy boys  at elementary school found with teddy bear, coloring books, diapers and condoms
florida man performs an epic triangle solo during an orchestral performance
florida man dies by exploding vape pen
florida man gets suspended by drowning raccoons during a class as revenge for them eating the class's chickens
florida man becomes first person to get bionic arm, says he will use it only for good.
florida man accused of drowning 2 raccoons during science class
florida man gets 2 years in prison for starting brawl on flight to beijing after eating marijuana candies
florida man killed by exploding e-cigarette; 80 percent of his body burned
florida man drowns raccoons
florida man faces charges after throwing 'billy the bass singing fish' at partner during argument
florida man sheriff's deputy didn't like that a guy's pants fell down and he cursed at him after a traffic stop. so the deputy shot him.
florida man gets 12 years in prison for cigarette stealing spree
florida man, who happens to be a famous golfer, on 911 call after his wife attacks mom:  i am the sane one of the bunch.  the audio and transcript are jail-erious
florida man charged with phoning bomb threat to mosque
florida man killed and burned by exploding vape pen
florida man killed by exploding vape pen
ducklings were a 'nuisance' to florida man. he's charged with killing them, reports say
florida man arrested for practicing karate by kicking swans in the head
florida man arrested during the players championship after drunkenly slapping kid, police say
florida man killed by exploding vape pen, medical examiner says
florida man arrested for attempting to  barbecue  child molesters 
florida man pleads guilty to trafficking firearms to brazil
florida man dressed like a ninja broke into an orlando home, smashed furniture, attacked two people and then vanished without a trace.
florida man teacher drowns raccoons during agriculture class
florida man man accused of trying to choke man with hose, drown cat in an attempt to kill the devil.
florida man accused of trying to choke man with hose, drown cat in an attempt to kill the devil.
florida man bites dog's ear to establish dominance
florida man school and or shoot
florida man decides it will be a good idea to get drunk, slap kid at the players golf tournament. jailarity ensues
florida man has killed his best friend!
florida man was behind 96 million of the worst kind of robocalls, fcc says
florida man punches his lawyer after being convicted of murder
florida man stabs 2 adult children, sets house on fire as grandchildren run for their lives.
florida man suspected of murder in alleged longview hatchet assault
florida man has his second appearance on live tv
florida man, a police officer at miami-dade airport, beats daughter for being disrespectful. video shows school employee doing nothing to stop him.
naked florida man claimed to have bomb at daytona international airport, deputies say
video shows florida man/miami-dade officer beating daughter at school
florida man beating daughter at school
florida man beats his daughter at school in front of staff, suspended from his leo job with pay.
florida man on drugs turns himself in for killing imaginary friend
florida man attacks mom's boyfriend with samurai sword over can of missing shrimp
florida man attempts to cash check for $368 billion to open underwater italian restaurant
florida man hid legless fugitive girlfriend in plastic tote
florida man crashes into unmarked sheriff's vehicle
florida woman moves to arizona to stalk man who blocked her on a dating app, sends him 65,000 text messages
florida man tosses gator into wendy s drive-thru
florida man hides legless fugitive girlfriend in plastic container.
florida man hides legless fugitive girlfriend in plastic tote
florida man found with cocaine hidden in his hair
florida man attempted to harbour fugitive legless florida woman in plastic tote.
florida man tries to steal truck, is stopped by blake bortles
florida man tries to steal nfl qbs truck, can't get it out of lot, goes back into party &amp; gets arrested
florida man fined for making 100 million calls
cops thought alligators ate florida man in 2000. now, his widow faces murder charges
florida man lives the florida man dream, riding the airport baggage carousel naked while yelling at police, "we've got to get out of here!"
naked florida man tells deputies he planted bomb at daytona beach airport; no explosive found
florida woman stalks man with 65,000 text messages
robocall case leads to record $120 million fine for florida man
florida man made nearly 100 million robocalls
florida man strips naked at airport, makes bomb threat
florida man discharges gun while teaching firearm safety
florida man bites dog to  establish dominance,  sheriff says
florida man makes me want to flail around on the beach and pretend to be a shark. #sharkbae
video: naked florida man arrested at daytona beach international airport after issuing bomb threat
florida man undresses in bathroom, runs naked through airport
florida man steals barbecue supplies, but no meat, cops say
florida man convicted of murder punches his defense attorney in the head repeatedly
florida man was key to russian propagandists plan to divide the country during 2016 election
florida man pulls out plastic badge and tells speeding motorcyclist, "i the police."
florida man behind 100 million robocalls hit with $120 million fcc fine
florida man shoots utility trucks' tires with revolver
florida man asks to leave crash scene to get more meth
florida man enjoys dressing in drag and stealing lots of heineken
florida man arrested while trying to hide legless, fugitive girlfriend in plastic tub.
florida man pretends not to speak english to rob people in grocery stores
florida man asks about stealing beer; learns it means jail
police drive into lake to find body of florida man attacked by gator. instead they find the body of a florida woman.
florida man saves baby s life on the way home from work
fcc fines florida man $120 million for robocall scam
florida man middle school teacher accused of  foot fetish  loses teaching license
florida man arrested allegedly carrying $2.5 million in thc oil
florida man found passed out in car with a smoking pipe as his kids yelled for him to wake up
florida man murders kid in a hoodie then years later stalks and harasses a private investigator who is looking for people for a documentary about florida man murdering kid in hoodie
florida man told a student she 'needed air.' then, he unzipped her jacket, cops say
florida man, slash me on the hand, because i stole your socks
florida man lights cars and motel rooms on fire in attempt to barbecue and kill child molesters
singing fish hits florida man in head
florida man tries to hide cocaine in hair
florida man upset about wife vacuuming, points gun at police officer
florida man confesses to trying to kill sex offenders
florida man threatens to feed man to alligator for making trayvon martin documentary
iconic florida man accused of stalking private investigator
florida man yells, 'you're going to die, child molester,' pours gas in motel room, police say
florida man who has a concealed weapons permit shoots and kills florida man who tries to rob him
florida man kills neighbors' cat, then kills deputy that arrived to sort out the dispute.
florida man shoots neighbors cat, then shoots police officer.
florida man pees on woman in naples bar
delray man sought after 60-year-old florida man smacked in the head with skateboard.
delray man sought after 60-year-old florida man smacked in the head with skateboard (he must be florida man's nemesis)
florida man found with cocaine hidden in his hair
florida man dressed as a florida woman arrested for assault
vape pen blows up florida man
florida man attempts to burn pedophiles.
serial defecator? elderly st. petersburg florida man targeted by poop vandal
florida man accused of unzipping student's jacket, fanning her stomach
florida man shoots another florida man, who happens to be sheriffs deputy in a dispute over a cat.
florida man pastor accused of sexual battery with a child.
florida man threatened cowboys employees because team didn't sign him
florida man known as george zimmerman threatens to feed a private investigator to a gator over trayvon martin documentary film.
florida man threatens to feed man he s mad at to an alligator (spoiler alert: it s george zimmerman)
florida man george zimmerman charged with stalking private investigator (includes bonus threats to feed the pi to an alligator)
florida man george zimmerman charged with stalking over trayvon martin documentary
florida man: george zimmerman charged with stalking private investigator
florida man gets thirsty, finds a beer, only has a knife to open it with. oh well, what could go wrong?
florida man (math teacher) accused of unzipping student's jacket, fanning her stomach
florida man electrocuted while adding camera to roof
florida man in the making; compelled by the motherland, flies to florida to smoke weed with the president.
florida man arrested for huffing chemicals from compressed computer duster can
florida man planned to  barbecue all the child molesters 
florida man caught huffing computer cleaning spray in walmart parking lot
florida man loses teaching license after allegedly offering to exchange test answers for nude pics
nothing to see here, just a typical florida man accident (be sure to wait for hammer time)
florida man gets caught working towards his black belt.
florida man legitimately sets guinness world record for tallest hat just to prank the local news
temporary florida man attempts to get high with the president
florida man found guilty of stalking after being busted with 90 pounds of panties
florida man dies after vaping pen explodes in his face, starts house on fire.
florida man steals from dollar general wearing nothing but cardboard! (nsfw)
florida man robs bank, throws stolen money out of window of getaway car as he leads police on chase
florida man tries to smoke pot with president, says secret service
florida man demands better prison food in exchange for confessions
florida man and florida woman get married on beach, get drunk, get into a fight and are both arrested on domestic battery charges
florida man rapes car exhaust.
police use saliva to arrest florida man on voter fraud charges
florida man defies santeria priest, creates 'el terrorista'.
9/11 veterans 'out' florida man who claimed to be firefighter at ground zero
florida man slashes two people with ninja sword after fight about socks.
florida man robs bank with fake beard and pantyhose over his head, has dye pack explode on him, throws money out window of get-away car, gets in huge wreck and is arrested
florida man puts our boat fire with jet ski
florida man threatened dallas cowboys employees because team didn t draft him
florida man arrested after being found passed out on boat, authorities say
florida man proclaims himself african priest, goes on three-day animal sacrificing rampage
florida man ,this is a very cute sex toy.the design is very unique!
florida man injures people with ninja sword for  stealing his socks,  deputies say
florida man drives people around in his bmw to find pok mon for $25 an hour
rampaging naked florida man only had one beer, but that didn t stop him from attacking cars and mooning people
florida man arrested for practicing karate on swans, kicking them in head
florida man sets guinness world record for world's tallest hat. goes on tv news. becomes local celebrity. doesn't actually exist.
florida man uses ninja sword on people over stolen socks
missing socks led to sword attack by florida man
florida man gets robbed at park, wakes up 10 hours later with a knife in his chest.
florida man punches 85-year-old school crossing guard
florida man has slick moves.
florida man is spitting mad as his saliva leads to his arrest on charges of voter fraud.
florida man accused of stealing, forging absentee ballots in 2016 arrested
investigators: florida man stole, forged ballots in 2016
florida man practices karate kicks in the park, on swans.
florida man, uber driver, shows porn vid to teenage girls.
actor bill murray helps florida man reveal the gender of his baby
expert: florida man to have a lot more company in coming years
florida man cheated on pregnant girlfriend with his own sister-in-law before pushing her and hiding out in the woods, cops say
florida man attacks multiple people with ninja sword for stealing his socks
florida man uber driver charged with showing porn video to minors during ride
florida man allegedly attacks multiple people for stealing his socks
florida man back at it again. practicing the forbiden swan style jutsu.
florida man poured chemicals on luxury cars that reminded him of college bullies
well meaning ohio man flies to florida to "smoke a joint" with trump, gets arrested for meth possession and becomes florida man.
florida man and florida woman get married on florida beach, then get drunk and arrested
florida man charged after woman he didn't know discovered in his bed
florida man takes jordan peterson metaphor literally.
florida man with handlebar mustache assaults woman on plane, starts a fight with several passengers, yells at police to tase him and "you'll see what happens", then gets tased 10 times.
florida man tells state trooper he can leave scene of car crash to get meth
florida man asks state trooper if he can leave the scene of an accident to get more meth
florida man accused of watering water street
florida man wages war on burger king drive-thru
florida man uses jet ski to put out boat fire.
florida man stabs friend for saying pubg is better than fortnite
florida man off the hook in shark dragging case
florida man splashes water at manatees, lands in jail
florida man doctor found passed out with hand around penis
florida man on hoa board tells homeowner her rainbow flag is offensive like a confederate flag, gets kicked off hoa board
florida woman appeared 'nonchalant' after striking man with her car, police say
florida man steals painting of at-st, feels bad and returns it with a note saying he s a fan of the movie and alcohol
florida man gets 42 years for slaying estranged girlfriend
florida man stabs friend for saying pubg is better than fortnite
florida man shoots at police after shooting at another florida man over a florida woman. this, ladies and gentlemen, is love in the time of florida.
florida man arrested after shooting over cat hair, police say
florida man tells neighbors he wants to show them something in his shed. it's a woman's dead body.
florida man sentences business owner to 15mo in prison for trying to extend computers' lives by distributing free microsoft software
florida man partied in the club while cops waited in the parking lot
https://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/florida-man-arrested-after-tsa-finds-knife-in-shampoo-bottle-481106901.html
florida man arrested after tsa finds knife in shampoo bottle
florida man gets sentenced 20 years for firing a gun into a grass during an argument with his ex-girlfriend
florida man shoots wife going to bathroom, mistaking her for burglar
florida man arrested after tossing drugs out of car window, police say
florida man arrested after throwing drugs out of car window
nsfw?]florida man allegedly vapes semen
florida man wrangles 11-foot alligator from retirement community
florida man arrested at airport for hiding knife in shampoo bottle
florida man arrested for  practicing karate  on swans at lake eola park
florida man, 71, caught masturbating at variety of local restaurants
young florida man arrested for bringing weed-infused cheetos to school
florida man finds interesting question on daughter s homework assignment.
florida man shoots wife on bathroom break, mistaking her for burglar
florida man said he stalked family to  make friends,' deputies say
florida man streaks at minor league baseball game
florida man photographer captures once-in-a-lifetime picture of osprey carrying a shark, which is carrying a fish
florida man  practices  his karate on swans at orlando park
florida man caught on surveillance video sexually molesting his roommate's puppy
florida man mistakes wife for intruder, shoots her twice
florida man can't deal with cat hair on a sofa. so of course he shot at his roommate over it.
florida man throws girlfriend into a flower pot, she fights back
florida man crashes and burns car, claims it was stolen
florida man holds up a chinese restaurant during lunch
florida man shot roommate over cat hair on couch
florida man goes crazy after girlfriend asks him to stop smoking
naked, moaning florida man arrested for 2 am pleasure session on stranger's patio
pony express? escaped miniature pony gets florida man police escort home
florida man complains his chicken wings are taking too long, throws cup at server, gets in brawl with staff, has hot grease thrown on him and now has second-degree burns all over
a brief history of florida man
florida man shoots his wife twice as she's coming back from the bathroom. he says he thought she was an intruder...
florida man and karate enthusiast arrested for kicking swans in the head. and a sleeping duck.
florida man catches 121-pound catfish, which is way too heavy to even try to throw back
florida man found in glove compartment, mistaken for heroin
florida man asks date to prom with racist letter, "if i was black i'd be picking cotton, but i'm white so i'm picking u 4 prom?"
florida man caught stealing package from porch was accompanied by his kids
florida man accused of trying to kill his wife for 'putting voo-doo on him'
florida man stabbed wife with box cutter for putting 'voodoo' curse on him, police say
florida man knocks on neighbor s door while foaming at the mouth
florida man busted for his scam by a bartender threatens to slit her throat
florida man steals car, realizes baby is inside, drops baby off in a parking lot 10 miles away, where a tv news crew working on an unrelated story across the street sees the baby and saves the day.
florida woman gains weight and florida man abducts her child.
possible florida man sighting
florida man knocks out a girl while her parents pump gas, cops say
florida man arrested after striking his boyfriend in the head with a big mouth billy bass, the novelty singing fish
florida man wears wacky underwear
florida man and florida woman abduct baby of which they have lost custody. thankfully, the dad has no identifiable tattoos.
florida man under fire over his racist  promposal 
florida man allegedly fed, housed couple in exchange for sex twice a week
florida man demonstrating gun safety accidentally shoots 3 girls.
florida man gets 330 years in prison for child sex tourism in the philippines
florida detectives attempt to use dead man finger to unlock phone at funeral home
florida man sheriff attempts to use cold, hard statistics to back up claims his department's arrest of suspects is not racially biased. um, makes use of fake, cold, hard statistics, that is.
florida man killed by cops, who then go to funeral home to try to unlock his phone with fingerprint from his corpse
florida man guilty of stalking ex-ballerina for 31 years
florida man gets 330 years for child pornography
florida woman (stripper) claims florida man (county commissioner) kept her as a sex slave in exchange for a place to live and cash for groceries, drugs, and drug rehab
sorry,' says florida man, 19, who opened fire at high school
florida man student makes racist prom poposal
florida man invites girl to the prom via snapchat with him holding a placard reading: "if i was black, i d be picking cotton, but i m white, so i m picking u 4 prom."
florida man tasered on american airlines flight after allegedly fondling a female passenger
sorry,' says florida man who opened fire at high school
sorry,' says man, 19, who opened fire at florida high school
florida man gets all 'texas justice' and wings it on carjacker, killing him at texas fried chicken
florida man sleeping in his girlfriend's van arrested for drug trafficking
florida bun man gets arrested for being accused of taking upskirt photos
florida man bun "accused" of taking upskirt photos
florida man adjusts radio, crashes off a 50-foot-tall bridge in a chevy camaro
florida man gets 330 year vacation in 'sex tourism' trial
florida man gets 330 years on child porn charges in 'sex tourism' trial
florida man on lsd knocks out teen girl at racetrac while her parent pumps gas
florida man pleads with the senate to reduce his $120m fcc fine for 97 million illegal robocalls because most people weren't engaged by the scam and "the majority of those calls do not bother anyone"
florida man crashes into 15 cars after leaving bar near ucf
florida man gets 330 years in child sex conviction
florida man crash funeral home to unlock phone with slain man's fingerprints
florida man arrested after giving cops his dashboard camera to prove car crash wasn't his fault and footage shows him burglarizing beauty store:
florida man arrested for allegedly tossing alligator into a wendy s drive-thru window
florida man stalker broke into taylor swift s townhouse, used her shower and slept in her bed
florida man charged with felony stalking after breaking into taylor swift's soho home, using her shower and sleeping in her bed.
florida man arrested for allegedly tossing alligator into wendy s drive-thru window
florida man who attacked woman and stole her shorts gets arrested
florida man, commissioner allegedly fed, housed couple in exchange for sex twice a week
florida man arrested after smacking waitress on buttocks
naked florida man punching cars in publix parking lot 'only had one beer'
florida man steals coors beer truck in nothing but american flag shorts
florida man guilty of stalking ex-ballerina for 31 years
florida man charged after woman he didn't know discovered in his bed
florida man wins the biggest prize ever for a scratch-off ticket. drives (nervously, probably) to the state capital to get his cash
florida man rams into ups center, punches police dog
florida man proposed to his girlfriend
florida man tries to pay a man's wife to have sex with him
florida man pulls women over to ask for dates
florida man unearths "massive python sex den"
florida man breaks into home, steals knives and a bottle of water
florida man slams truck into ups center, then punches police dog
florida man felt something in his ear so he went to a medical school with a gun
florida man sentenced to 330 years in prison after more than a decade of child sex tourism inthe philippines
florida man was going to use gun to get ultrasound
florida man felt something in his ear. so he headed to a medical school with a gun
florida man might have had sex three times in a single day. while working as a cop. wife nowhere in sight
florida man racks up $8,000 bill at resort with fake credit card, police say
when florida man goes to the ultrasound school because he kept hearing things in his ears, he brings his gun along to ensure prompt, effective service.
florida man breaks into house, steals family dog, sets house on fire, gets caught on camera
drunk driving florida man had "breathalyzer" and "blow here" printed on his boxer shorts
florida man county commissioner, 71, arrested after he housed and fed couple in exchange for letting him have sex with the woman on tuesdays and saturdays
florida man looks down to tune car stereo, plunges 50 feet off interstate
florida man steals baby by accident and returns it
florida man who traveled to the philippines to exploit children sentenced to 330 years in prison
florida man files lawsuit claiming 'o' from hooters sign fell on him. video evidence shows otherwise.
florida man goes missing from nightclub: turns up three days later behind walls of the archdiocese of miami
florida man follows women into marshall's, bealls, petsmart and exposes himself
florida man hides in swamp after high-speed police chase, gets stuck and licked by police dog
florida man tries to sell broccoli claiming it's weed
florida man has been accused of making 97 million robocalls
florida man denies making 96m robocalls calls in 2016, invokes 5th amendment before the u.s. senate committee
florida man through a refrigerator through a window during a police standoff.
florida man alleged to have made almost 100 million robocalls appears before u.s. senate
married florida man busted meeting multiple women in parks while he was working as a cop
florida man walks into a gas station with a medical mask to buy cigarettes
two florida man arrested for atm skimming scheme in shirlington
florida man and woman sell golden tickets to heaven
horny florida snake leads officals to "bust" largest snake orgy witnessed my florida man thank to gps.
florida man "busts" largest recorded snake orgy after horny gps-equiped florida snake attendeds "record-breaking-snake-party".
florida man opens business where customers can drink and throw axes at the wall
florida man gets drunk, falls off bicycle, hits man at hospital with folding chair
florida man incriminates self with own dashboard camera
florida man steals hard drives filled with sensitive taxpayer data. only uses them to download xbox games
florida man is glad they aren't in texas
florida man learns to snowboard
florida man busts himself with his own camera.
florida man hops to it to save bunnies running amok
florida man ask about stealing beer. learns it means jail
florida man links to a blocked page
florida man charged with dui after helping woman back of out parking spot, then hitting her
florida man arrested for saying he would kill people with his cane
florida man sues after he says a hooters sign injured his foot
florida man wins pulitzer for book about the gulf of mexico
florida man grabs his girlfriend by the hair like a cave man, cops say
naked florida man jumps on cars at publix, screams "i only had one beer!" &amp; "i only wanted to smoke some pot."
florida man stabbed to death with replica sword over gumbo seasoning
florida man learns about laws
florida man rescues six from sinking boat near peanut island
florida man sets off firecrackers in a jewelry store in order to steal a watch
florida man shot by his own gun in motorcycle crash
florida man allegedly tied up his ex-roommate, cut off her hair and then murdered her
florida man has been arrested three times (once for trying to board an airplane with a loaded gun), fired five times, and caught with cocaine and counterfeit cash in his squad car. he is a cop of twenty years.
florida man burned by 'glowing rocks'... hazmat team responding.
florida man saving a drowning 400-lb black bear is possibly one of the greatest rescue stories ever
florida man gives police his own dashboard camera showing him committing burglary
florida man beats pregnant girlfriend with fire extinguisher, shoots her before killing himself
parkland school teacher florida man who is willing to be armed on the job is arrested for leaving his gun at a public toilet. the gun was picked up by a drunk hobo who shot a wall.
florida man motorcyclist at hospital recognizes road-rage driver who hit him on purpose
florida man sets off pipe bomb at home he shares with 95 year old mom
dog custody battle lands florida man in court
florida man accused of killing his olive garden coworker
florida man who hit biker in viral video arrested (video)
florida man for beating child, smashing pop tart in her face
judge says florida man can grow his own medical marijuana
florida man arrested for leaving loaded gun in a public bathroom
florida man accuses son of officer he used to train with of being a 'crisis actor'
florida man shoots himself in motorcycle crash
mr. florida man, marjory stoneman's dumbest teacher, arrested after leaving gun unattended in public restroom
florida man, make way for texas man
florida man giving away free sunglasses!
florida man punches 3 kids during fight on field, police say
florida man rides for a mile on hood of (stolen) car while trying to prevent his daughter's three teenage friends from driving away from his house
florida man firefighter found passed out at intersection, hides cocaine in deputy's cruiser, tries to escape from hospital, gets tased
florida man busted in online sex sting was a substitute teacher, disney world employee
florida man needs a prom date! chick-fil-a restaurant sign lands teen date
florida man steals atv during test drive, hides from cops in pond
11 hurt when florida man uses firecrackers as distraction at florida mall to rob jewelry
florida man says 'everyone does cocaine,' but says his mom is his 'happy pill.'
solo trailer kills florida man in fatal nitpicking
florida man tries to steal truck from county jail parking lot while in possession of drug paraphernalia and drugs.
florida man claims baseball team's citizenship is in the british virgin islands
14-year-old florida man pays $480 to 28-year-old scottish woman for sex, she was arrested
police arrest florida man who they called  man bun creeper  accused of peeking under skirts at publix
florida man arrested for beating child, smashing pop tart in her face
florida man forgot gun in son's bag, goes to school to get it
florida man lobs racial slurs, threatens another with gun in 'fishing rage' incident
florida man gets rammed off of the road after driver throws change at him
florida man gets distracted by his cellphone, causes mayhem
florida man arrested after being caught masturbating to sunbathers in car
detectives investigating after florida police officer (man) accidentally shoots himself
florida man, who has a gun because he is a police officer, accidentally shoots himself prompting investigation
florida man goes full 'florida man'
one of florida man's lesser-known but quite respectable counterparts is vaslui man, a mysterious creature running all kinds of mischief in one of the more "florid" counties in romania. here are some of his adventures
florida man shoots dad who refused to let him see teen daughter after midnight
florida man accused of crushing live animals in trash compactor
florida man pretends to be ultra-communist for a decade, escapes north korea in a mig-15 jet
florida woman attempts to administer first aid to gunshot victim, beaten by angry mob who assumed she was strangling the wounded florida man
florida man (woman) while impaired mistakes jail booth for drive-thru, orders breakfast
florida man allegedly crushed live animals in trash compactor
florida man kills estranged wife, sister in georgia
florida man upset by spit, stabs man in road rage attack
florida man dies after eating 7 grams of cocaine during traffic stop
thousands lose power after florida man steals spectrum truck to drive to denny s
florida man - who's a marching band instructor arrested in prostitution sting
florida man dies from eating 7 grams of cocaine at traffic stop
florida man caught with drugs claims they were vitamins. they were not vitamins.
florida man rings doorbell, punches homeowner for no reason
florida man has his rights taken away for trolling on reddit
florida man uses chick-fil-a sign to request a prom date.
florida man sets fire station on fire
classic "florida man" who owes $500,000 in child support vanishes into the ocean on a paddle board.
florida man turns himself into the police, in typical florida man fashion.
florida man found after 40 years on the missing persons list. he changed his name after going awol from the air force and started a construction business.
deputies: florida man beats woman with fire extinguisher before killing himself
florida man school superintendent pulled over for passing school bus during bus safety campaign
grown-up florida man lawyer disbarred for throwing paper, kicking tables and talking about boogers
florida man survives snowstorm in north dakota's badlands by duct taping his feet, eating snow
just florida man unloading his mustang from a trailer
florida man crashes into home, claims to be fbi agent and threatens to shoot an officer
florida man accused in fatal road rage stabbing hit victim with flip-flop first
florida man 'forgets' gun he put in son's school bag
florida man rammed car into miami police station
a florida man wearing brass knuckles knocked on a door looking for someone, then slugged the man who answered the door. turns out it was the wrong house.
florida man tells cops his heroin was 'daily vitamins'
florida man's car spat on by passenger of landscaping truck, and then got out of his car and stabbed the man to death
florida man crashes into home, sayd that he's an fbi agent,and threatens to shoot officer
florida man passes himself as decorated war veteran to land job
florida man grants beach property owners to a free private beach.
florida man on atv does donuts in front of deputies, taunts  come and get me!  they do.
florida man tries to kidnap 76-year-old woman from hobby lobby parking lot -- and fails
florida man redditor demands help from other redditors after being baker acted 30+ times in 5 years.
florida man hacks bank, tries to steal $7 billion because "jesus wanted him to be rich'
florida man caught stealing appliances from homes tells cops he's "like robin hood."
florida man sneaks onto school grounds, bites head off chicken.
florida man dies after swallowing cocaine at traffic stop
florida man bites chicken's head off, charged with animal cruelty, police say
florida man bites head off chicken.
florida man reunites with cat lost 14 years ago to hurricane
florida man threatened with fine for having exotic animals. so he tried to throw them away   literally
florida man uses vacuum to decapitate man
florida man named bamboo flute blanchard, famous for stabbing his father to  see what it s like to kill someone,  escapes from jacksonville mental facility
florida man superintendent pulled over for passing school bus during bus safety campaign
a man from florida man...(picture in comments)
florida man attacks neighbors with gardening shears; then tries to drown cop while being arrested
florida man nakedly attacks neighbor with garden shears, then tries to drown the cops while being arrested
florida man set on fire by ex gf during easter dinner
florida man and disney bus driver arrested in undercover child-sex sting
florida woman stabs florida man to death in a burger king love triangle.
florida man assaults gas station cashier for trying to stop him from cutting line
florida man charged with sex assault after 10-year-old girl found in dog collar
florida man takes uhaul off road
florida man breaks into house, eats salad, masturbates, plays with toy helicopter
florida man eats baby manatee
florida man breaks into own home and takes a shower
florida man drops a 4-5k pounds of melted marshmallows on children
florida man pulled over after stealing dog treats
florida man removes 11 ft alligator from swimming pool
florida man believes giant snake is godzilla!
florida man steals boat, gets stuck on sandbar and rescued by deputies
florida man wanted sex pet, puts 10-year-old girl in dog collar, arrested on sex charges and others.
vanishing florida man
announcing new rules for /r/floridaman
florida, man!
governor scott florida man : "florida's public beaches won t be so public anymore under new law" _ wtsp.com
florida man : gov. rick scott (r) 'says' : "florida's public beaches won t be so public anymore under new law" _ wtsp.com
florida man tries to pawn stolen jewelry at store managed by woman whose home he just robbed
florida man politely asks 911 dispatchers to find drake and lil wayne
florida man faces charges after being bitten attempting to kiss venomous snake
florida man dresses up as giant rat and patrols college campus
family of florida man killed by police said officers used dead man's finger to gain access to phone
florida man shot at roofers after one looked at woman, police say
florida man ties drugs to his junk. cops say it's a ballsy move.
undercover florida man
x-post from r/nottheonion : florida man who owes $500k in child support vanishes into ocean on paddleboard | abc7.com
florida man drops off bathtub, ice, tv cable at closed restaurant called helen back
drunk florida man yells  come and get me  to deputies, is arrested
florida man don't need assault weapons
florida man charged in 'largest child pornography case in central florida'
florida man booby traps stairs. (like home alone ish)
florida man uses lsd, breaks into stranger's home to shower
florida man sells stolen tires under the name "percipher pucklebrush".
florida man who owes over $500g in child support vanishes in ocean the day he s due in court, police say
soon to be florida man: drunken 13-year-old 'wanted to be the next school shooter'
drunken 13-year-old florida man wanted to be the next school shooter'
future florida man, drunk 13 year old wanted to be the next school shooter
florida man suspended for taking nude photos of his girlfriend in court and then having sex with her in the judge's chambers.
florida man tries stealing money from the church drop box... he probably said  oops. 
come and get me!  florida man arrested after doing donuts in front of deputy with beer in hand
florida man in possession of drugs arrested in separate shoplifting incident
florida man arrested after driving drunk on scooter with dog in shopping bag
florida man at it again ...i m sure all federal marshals have wonderful hair like his.
florida man who owed $500k in child support disappears into the sunset on a paddleboard
florida man claims coconut hit windshield. cops say he was drunk, ran over art auctioneer.
florida man arrested after slow-speed police chase for stolen license plate, found illegal gun ammo + clips in car
florida man youtube star claimed to be 'very powerful,' threatened lawsuit during disney arrest
florida man harassed woman, fired shotgun at her and hid under bed while swat arrived
florida man steals more than $7,000 from his granny's bank account, florida granny pressing charges
florida man drove drunk on scooter with dog in shopping bag, police say
drunk coast guard florida man swims in strangers pool, forgets wallet, socks and shoes.
florida man mistakenly told he has death sentence after jury botches form
florida man catches wild peacock with bare hands, caught on video running down the street with it.
florida man caught on tape snatching wild peacock, running down street with it
florida man and florida woman steal toys from florida shooting memorial.
florida man wearing budweiser shirt gets dui on golf cart.
florida man arrested for slapping woman outside walmart
can't make this up: florida man got arm stuck in a church drop box when he tried to rob it.
florida man who stole harley from crash site didn't think owner wanted it any more
florida man charged with assault with a deadly pop tart.
florida man squatter extorts a trailer owner and then burns down said trailer, all within a couple of days (x-post legaladvice)
viral selfie of hot police officers lands florida man on romance novel covers
florida man hacks bank, tries to steal $7 billion because "jesus wanted him to"
florida man takes his chances, arrested shortly after.
florida man had his book manuscripts at gunpoint by fbi agentsin ohio. author is former federal treasury agent exposing panama bank accounts of 87 government officials and saudi funding of 911 that fbi concealed for 15 years!
florida man convicted in $87 million fraud serves only 8 months in minimum security prison and as felon now collects $60k tax-free pension in panama - worked as u.s. department of justice executive for 20 years. guess who his wife is?
florida man who was u.s. federal agent whistleblower and author of confiscated book manuscripts reports that he and other american political prisoners were tortured in miami solitary confinement and has scars, witnesses &amp; doctor reports to confirm it
florida man accused of hitting wheelchair-bound father w. a grocery bag of clothes and personal hygiene items
florida man sued for not paying for 6ft-tall trump paintings he bought
florida man accused of stealing nearly $300 in meat from walmart
florida woman flings feces on florida man husband after forgetting their wedding anniversary
florida man not seen since 2015 just reported missing
florida man gets close encounter with great white shark
florida man shoves mother because he doesn't like ham
florida man shoves mom because he doesn't like ham
florida man arrested with a dozen guns after making threats
florida man and florida woman caught stealing teddy bears at stoneman douglas high school
florida woman captures video of 6 foot long rattlesnake. next she will try for the most dangerous beast -- florida man.
florida man arrested with heroin, meth, and crack in his pockets claims pants weren't his
the real reason behind why we hear so much of florida man
florida man pulled over, presents lowe s coupon as license then offers coo handjob
florida man causes $100k in damage to walmart liquor store under construction with hotwired forklift; gives police his name as "alice wonderland" and says a hookah-smoking caterpillar told him to do it.
florida man signs off on bill to make permanent change to florida clocks
florida man disguises himself in bull costume as he tries to burn down former boyfriend s house with pasta sauce.
blocked from passing, florida man driver throws rock at suv
florida man impersonates federal marshal in front of the cops
florida man gets busted for impersonating a federal marshal in front of the cops
florida man upset over 2-hour ed wait steals ambulance to drive home
florida man breaks into house. takes shower.
florida man with fake gun pretends to be us marshal to police when busted shoplifting
florida man beats friend with bat over $5
florida woman arrested after attacking florida man for forgetting anniversary
florida man shoots self in leg to profess love for ex-girlfriend
florida man can't find the mystery smell in wellington
florida man from my office had installed video recording devices above the ceiling tiles inside two different women's restrooms.
florida man shoots himself in the leg to prove his devotion to his ex
florida man starts fight with his girlfriend in the walmart parking lot
florida man punches pregnant woman in the face in a grocery store.
florida man shouted 'allah akbar' during violent rampage that left daughter, child's mother dead: police
florida man crashes through gate at federal law enforcement training center in brunswick, ga
florida man ties 8-foot long alligator behind an atv &amp; drags it across the road
florida man tries tries to burn down trailer using spaghetti sauce and a wash cloth while wearing a bull onesie
florida man, local musical theater star, accused of embezzling $77k from his day job. he recently starred in a local production of "how to succeed in business without really trying".
florida man tells middle school son to fight another boy, shoves teen himself.
florida man instigates his own son's fight, then joins in
florida man looked 'nervous' after blowing a stop sign. deputies soon found out the reason
florida man thought he was chatting with a prostitute on facebook. it was the cops
florida man learns a valuable life lesson -- you do not mess around with a "highly trained alligator handler' or you just might experience the cold fury of an expertly applied 'alligator hold'.
florida man love story: he forgot their anniversary, so she smacked him
florida man may say it's all a big mistake but his mug shot says, "four times the bac limit -- yee haw!!!"
florida man reunites with pet cat that ran away 14 years ago
florida man steals cable truck, knocks out service for thousands
florida man assaults gas station cashier with hot dogs after being refused beer sale
watch: florida man steals exotic fish, stuffs them down his pants
watch out, florida man! florida woman is coming with a vengeance
florida man offers cop a handjob
florida man steals a car, realizes a baby is in it, drops baby off safely, and makes his get away.
florida man bloodies manager with plates after being called sir while wearing womens clothes at pancake place
florida man steals car, realizes there s a baby inside, safely drops baby off, and continues stealing car
florida man makes homemade whiskey bomb, tries to kill another man's chickens.
florida man busted on marijuana 'grow boat'
florida man, always keeping children out of harms way
trump-voting genius florida man gets 15 years for invading a mosque with a machete and dumping bacon inside
florida man being responsible
florida man has morals
florida man demonstrates his constitutional right to drag his gator down the street behind his atv. florida lawman will review the film scrupulously.
florida man, one dressed in bull onesie, attempt to burn down house with ragu sauce, police say
the adventures of florida man continue
florida man arrested for dui had bac of .316
florida man robs a car
florida man associated with parkland gunman arrested by authorities.
florida man caught on video tying 8-foot gator behind atv, dragging it back and forth across pavement
florida man mayor calls african american pastor and city councilman "you black piece of sh**"
golf cart-driving florida man tries to blow up neighbor s chickens with home-made whiskey bomb during dispute over bb gun
intoxicated florida man drinks milk out of roommate s glass, resulting in eruption of pain and jail time.
florida man sheriff's lieutenant charged with dui, fired after she's spotted driving backward
bolo - florida man searching for a 'diamond' in the rough
report: florida man caught masturbating at walmart
florida man accused of stealing car with baby inside at gas station told clerk,  take the baby! 
florida man tells cops his name is 'captain dickhead,' gets arrested for obstruction
florida man waited for woman to come out of walmart, jerked off next to her when she walked to her car
florida man accused of trying to lure child into car, deputies say
young) florida man beats fellow teen to death with a baseball bat in the woods over the affections of a girl.
florida man arrested for punching the munchkin inside of a burger king.
florida man exposes self and grabs woman police say.
florida man arrested for punching the munchkin inside of local burger king.
florida man bike shop owner forced burglars he caught in the act to strip naked &amp; "tortured" them
florida man and daughter behind bars after being caught having sex in their backyard
florida man in bull onesie attempts to burn ex s house with spaghetti sauce
florida man asks for death penalty because it's a 'win-win' for everyone
florida man throws beer, kicks cars at shrimpfest
florida man steals ambulance, drives home after long er wait
florida man loves the elderly
florida man accused of shoving mother over ham
florida man &amp; daughter charged with incest after alleged sex in backyard
florida man do the impossible
florida man armed with 20-inch knife tries to carjack sheriff citizen patrol car
florida man stole victim's suv after fatal crash
self aware florida man.
florida man busted for having sex with daughter
florida man firefighter falls off bridge into st. john's river rescuing woman from burning car
florida man attacks wife over lack of fried chicken
florida man locks florida man in shower, scalds him to death with 180f water. isn't charged with a crime.
florida man gives wife kidney for anniversary
florida man makes homemade bomb out of canadian mist bottle, black powder &amp; sand, then throws it at chickens.
in 1966, a florida man and his band shot to #2 on the billboard charts with an unlicensed peanuts fan song.
florida man deliberately scattering roofing nails on a portion of florida's us 1
florida man used spaghetti sauce to try to start fire after burglary
florida man fatally stabs friends who doubt his religion
florida man drops down pants and sodomizes pink flamingo to death
florida man who said he helped bury natalee holloway dies in failed kidnapping
florida man arrested for using citrus agency's computers to mine for bitcoin
florida man arrested for using government computers to mine bitcoin
florida man shoots and kills florida man in a drug deal gone bad.
florida man attempts to email hr
florida man applies for a job
watch: florida man steals neighbor's peacock, gets chased by angry birds
florida man is detail oriented.
florida man is honest with potential employers.
florida man levels with hr
florida man awarded charles manson's corpse
florida man attempts hit and run
florida man applies for a job - actual email to hr
florida man won charles manson's corpse
florida man high on drugs tries to hit and run
florida man fights alligator.
florida man gives wife kidney for 23rd anniversary
florida man steals cable truck, damaging pole and fiber cable, affecting service to 7,000 residents
florida man attacked with dog toy in "brutal" crime
florida man pistol whipped with dog toy tennis ball launcher
florida man breaks into burger king and drinks oil
translation: florida man steals peacock
florida man isn't in the mood to sign papers pertaining to his defense.
florida man stopped for traffic violation; eats pot in front of deputies, then tells them "i'm wanted for murder"
florida man applies for a job, steals a forklift
god damn it florida man!
florida man shoots suspect in home invasion: 'they messed with the wrong house'
florida man leaves phone recording in bathroom
hit-and-run suspect florida man who drove through sledgehammer attack ticketed 29 times in 10 years
florida man finally named?
florida man makes for a strange furniture commercial [1m]
82-year old florida man takes wrong turn and gets sideswiped by train
florida man hides from west virginia cops in chest freezer.
florida man arrested for using government computers to mine bitcoin
florida man tries to give himself brain damage
florida man asks hr the important question.
florida man is in critical condition after he accidentally shot himself in the head while unloading his gun
sledgehammer wielding florida man prevents hit and run get away
human remains found at home of florida man who vanished 3 years ago
florida man tries to sell stolen pupper back to priginal owners
florida man shoots himself while unloading gun
classic florida man attacked by another florida man with a hammer
florida man throws battery acid at girlfriend
florida man wins custody battle for the remains of charles manson.
florida man takes horse into miami beach nightclub
florida man nick gordon, bobbi kristina's ex, arrested for domestic violence
missouri man coming for florida man s place
rip florida man :(
florida man was a decorated deputy and veteran. he was arrested after cops saw his house.
florida man just lost some fun
florida man tells his class not to date african-americans 'because they are not worth it'
watch out for florida man
florida man indicted for international email impersonation and fraud scam | usao-ma
florida man arrested after texting detective, not wife, about girlfriend s death
a true florida man
florida man "police officer of the year" and florida woman arrested for child neglect after "absolutely disgusting home" filled with dog feces, drugs, firearms and garbage discovered after gunshots reported by neighbor.
missouri man is coming for florida man
florida man had sex with a dolphin explains how it happened
florida man accused of stealing ambulance
perhaps it's because he's a florida man, or perhaps it's because they don't have these things called hills back home. but florida man goes up a hill and crashes on the other side.
florida man who advertised as doctor on instagram arrested, police say
police investigating altercation between florida man school board members
police searching for wanted florida man known as "stinky butt"
florida man with hilarious hair accused of robbing nearly 20 of his neighbors' cars
florida man sucks down 16 vodkas &amp;amp; eats one chimichanga over 8 1/2 hours, refuses to pay tab
florida man 2016 'officer of the year' arrested after feces, guns, drugs allegedly found in his 'disgusting' home
florida man monkey importer mails white powder to himself in attempt to frame animal rights group
florida man on a headache
florida man's cousin, essex man, wins stand-off with police after refusing to use toiler for 47 days
florida man, teacher keeps job after telling students not to date anyone  acting like a n****r 
florida man waits for his lamborghini with an armful of stolen m&amp;m's and swisher sweet cigars.
florida man takes credit for  tar and feather enemy of freedom award  given to lawmakers
florida man steals an ambulance, complains to arresting officer about long wait times at the hospital
florida man advertises affordable plastic surgery on instagram, even though he's not a doctor
amazing people. without hyperbole, the best staff you'll find anywhere. the interview process can feel ridiculous, bordering on insane, but you cannot argue with the results.(florida man)
florida man likes kids, but not in a good way.
florida man allegedly killed pregnant wife then took photos of her dead body
they may look cute, but these otters left a bloody mess in florida man kayak attack
florida man who is a convicted felon honks horn at cops working an accident. has numerous drugs and weapons in his car in plain sight.
florida man has headache. finds out wife shot him in his head while he slept (2007).
florida man (s) decides to create their own time zone
florida man re-plants oak tree upside down
florida man plants oak tree upside down
florida man father and daughter behind bars after being caught having sex in their backyard
florida man gets 20 years for $66 million medicaid fraud used to buy 19 healthcare agencies and a meat supermarket
florida man and hs baseball coach arrested with meth, said it belonged to a player.
black florida man who allegedly murdered his pregnant white wife took photos of her dead body, deputies say
florida man has sex with daughter in backyard
florida man hall of fame sailor rescued after capsizing boat
16 vodka drinks + 1 chimichanga = bad news for florida man
florida man allegedly pulls ar-15 in road rage incident
florida man digging for gold
florida man caught having sex in backyard with daughter
10-year-old florida man on probation for car theft caught stealing another car
woman thwarts carjacking attempt, leaves florida man dangling out car window
machete-wielding florida man jailed for hindering jacksonville fire crews
florida man, daughter caught having sex in their backyard.
florida man and daughter caught having sex in their backyard
former nascar driving florida man arrested for trying to have sex with child
the shape of water, florida man edition
florida man takes catfish to dog park
florida man paralyzed after chasing monkey that stole his hat
florida man calls 911 to report his cocaine missing
florida man calls 911 to report missing cocaine
florida man becomes paralyzed after chasing a monkey who stole his steelers cap and falling off a roof
elderly florida man goes shopping.(spotted locally) (no, that is not a courtesy charging station for a range rover ev. )
florida man man "walks" catfish at the park
florida man destroys gravity and the universe [stone ocean spoilers]
florida man rick ross hospitalized after being found does not respond to florida home
deputies search for florida man shrimp swiper
florida man living in old school bus gets busted for meth and stolen dirt dike
florida man bans ar15s, rescinds the law 15 minutes later.
florida man arrested after having sex with daughter in backyard
florida man set two churches on fire as a offering to god
florida man discussed on 1st episode of the second season of atlanta
florida man discussed on donald glover's atlanta
florida man mentioned on fx's premier of atlanta season 2 tonight
florida man made an appearance on tonight s season premiere of  atlanta 
florida man featured on fx's 'atlanta'!
the tale of florida man (atlanta fx)
florida man, attorney at law, told by judge, 'i am very concerned that you have conducted this trial high'
florida man, attorney at law, told by judge: 'i am very concerned that you have conducted this trial high'
florida man has a 6 month love affair with a dolphin named dolly.
florida man and daughter demonstrate that the family that sleeps together, stays together -- or something.
florida man walks his "fish" at dog park.
florida man, dolphin lover
florida man tries to rob a store with finger guns
robbery try fails when florida man threatens to 'shoot' clerk with his finger
florida man known as "doo-doo" arrested in failed armored car robbery plot.
florida man prison escapee nabbed while drinking a beer in public
video: florida man chainsaw attack suspect becomes infuriated over a granola bar
florida man attacked women with chainsaw and punched officer in holding cell
a florida man mimicked lebron's classic baby powder throw in class today, causing an anthrax scare and shutting down part of campus.
florida man whose dream boat sank on day 2 gets bigger, better boat for a buck
florida man -- a highway patrol officer -- caught on video racing against lamborghini
florida man backs van into police car and pretends to be asleep to get out of it.
florida man catches 900th python in state's eradication program, earns minimum wage + bonus
florida man tries to rob 7-11 store with a pointed finger, forgets to put it in a jacket pocket first.
florida man gets arrested after peta complaint about his dog's swollen genitals
florida man and florida daughter charged with incest after being caught having sex in back yard
woman suing florida man who stole sex video from phone
florida man lawyer is drug tested after bizarre court behavior
florida man pays homage to king james, causes anthrax scare
florida man gets into a stick fight
florida man sets himself on fire in starbucks bathroom
florida man gets name removed from park after he's arrested for school massacre
florida man exposes genitals to guests at the four seasons hotel pool
florida man exposes genitals to guests at the four seasons resort pool
florida man student bitten by venomous snake he took to school
florida man arrested for swinging gator at girlfriend.
meta] does anyone else think we should grant the english man, who has gone 40+ days without pooping while being constantly monitored by police, honorary florida man status, for acts above and beyond the call of duty?
florida man strangles his dad then breaks into neighbors apartment to watch tv.
florida man arrested for incoherent threatening tweet
florida man tries to electrocute pregnant wife, changes facebook status to 'widowed'
florida man allowed to bring his guns to festival starring reba mcentire, big and rich and ton loc
florida man stabs brother in argument after purchasing two dozen krystal hamburgers
florida man demonstrates what happens when you find a stranger in the alps
florida man has been arrested for child abuse after beating kids with a belt because one of them farted
florida woman accused of fatally shooting fianc  s dog after man reportedly refused to crack her back
florida man yells "murderers!" as he's executed for committing murder
florida man stuffs entire meat department down his pants
florida man arrested and released on bail for using shared wall for target practice
florida man who called politicians corrupt got thrown in jail
florida man turns apartment into gun range
florida man kept junkie sex slaves in his garage
florida man finds smiling 9-foot alligator on apartment doorstep
florida man dies on interstate after falling through hole in rv
florida man jumps out from behind bushes, attacks woman with chainsaw
florida man robs men of "life in color" tickets at gunpoint
florida man is "top brazilian arms dealer", proving once again that every florida man is good at something
florida man tries to sell puppy he stole back to owners, police say
florida man escapes on boat named "hot rod" after his pit bull attacks puppy at beach
florida man sets his car on fire after thinking his neighbour stole his landmower
florida man thought his neighbour stole his landmower, sets car on fire
florida man uncovers veterans' stories and tombstones: 'you can bring that person back to life'
florida man charged with murder involving a skillet, an amputated hand, and walmart bags on a head
florida man spends years building house to look like jefferson memorial
florida man doesn t want to return test drive truck
florida man builds his own jefferson memorial, trolls neighbors by making them think it's a mosque
florida man was going 103 mph in a kia rio while barefoot and drunk
florida man steals multiple flags in flagler county
florida man doesn't need an ar15 with extended clips to deal with multiple armed robbers
florida man accused of rigging front door to electrocute estranged pregnant wife
florida man does a drive-by in the suburbs over some stolen weed
oh florida man...
naked florida man says he pooped his pants
florida man yells  murderers . put to death
part-time florida man drives boat through surfers, says "happily, i'm an experienced boater" when charged with reckless operation
florida man cop hired to protect school kids, hid during shooting instead
florida man wants to kidnap lana del rey
florida man screamed  murderers,  thrashed about after eating pork chops before being executed for 1993 murder
when florida man gets stuck in traffic, he just pops a percocet and takes an alternate route -- the sidewalk with people on it.
florida man gives alias of  dickface johnson  after getting arrested
unemployed florida man brags he has millions of dollars to fund hobby of drunkenly swearing at himself in resort rooms
florida man sets 'crackhead' neighbors' corvette on fire in revenge, police say.
florida man before execution ate steak, pork chop, fries, two pints of ben and jerry s ice cream and a bottle of ginger ale for his final meal
florida man house of representatives declare pornography a public health risk
florida man state senator compares assault rifles to spoons.
drunken florida man lets iguana take wheel while he takes nap
florida man house aide is fired after claiming school shooting victims are just actors
florida man house aide claims school shooting survivors are just actors
florida man declares pornography a public health risk, state legislators agree
florida man turned apartment into shooting range.
florida man survivors of florida school shoot tragedy pushes for gun control laws
florida man wants stormy daniels recognized as a public health risk
florida man accused of last week's school shooting inherited almost $1m. but still has a public defender.
florida man charged with battery after attacking a gas station cashier with a corndog.
watch | florida man attacks paramedics along road
beer-drinking florida man argues with himself
florida man wakes up to 8.5-foot-long gator under truck (lic)
florida man uses government email to say school shooting survivors are actually paid "actors that travel to various crisis"
florida man uses government email to say school shooting survivors are actually paid "actors that travel to various crisis"
florida man uses government email to claim school survivors are actually paid "actors that travel to various crisis"
hanging w snl kenan thompson florida man - tampa life
florida man school security guard pretends to shoot at students
florida woman tases man who tries to leave her
florida man fatally shoots son-in-law divorcing his daughter, investigators say
florida man arrested for throwing a live alligator into a wendy s
florida man arrested for allegedly turning his apartment into indoor shooting range
florida man arrested for reportedly tossing gator into wendy's | wjax-tv
cops: florida man googled "how to rob a bank" before robbing a bank
florida man school bus driver sentenced for assaulting a student with a hammer
i don't need it:' viral facebook post shows florida man giving police his legally owned ar-15
florida man in his street clothes
florida man saves lives and should be honored for doing so.
florida man charged for calls about tiny clams
woman arrested after florida man car rental company mistakenly gives her stolen car
florida man hid camera in loofa, admits he's a dirty old man to cops
florida man engages in some attention whoring
florida man shares video of neighbor (school shooting suspect) dressed in socks and maga hat, shooting a pellet gun.
florida man, and former neighbor of nikolas cruz, shares a video of the gunman shooting a pellet gun in his backyard...in the rain...wearing socks and a maga hat.
florida man walks to mcdonald's after shooting up school.
florida man and woman steal $2,159 in antacids from grocery store
florida man, employed as crime expert for tv station, arrested for soliciting prostitute
florida man used coat hanger-like tool to remove pork bones from dog s intestines
florida man arrested after teen found chained up in garage
florida man leaves stash of drugs in plain sight after calling 911 to report false home invasion
florida man in florida school shooting suspect nikolas cruz charged
florida man in florida school shooting suspect nikolas cruz charged
florida man sits through disney s hall of presidents five times to learn about america
florida man charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder
don't be like florida man. you never get your hoody back after a breakup.
florida man barrels down interstate telling 911 his gas pedal is stuck
naked florida man is not entirely sure how he lost his clothes, but might have shat himself
jacksonville sheriff looking for florida man/woman who stole a car with a dead body in it.
florida man stolen car with missing body in the back recovered, police say
florida man is in the matrix
florida man could be lincoln's last living descendant.
want to keep the vd out of valentine s day? florida man has the condom for you
mayor florida man offered woman speed humps in exchange for a speed hump
florida man texts detective instead of wife about girlfriend's murder
florida man accused of requesting sex in exchange for speed bumps
play florida man bingo!
florida man and florida woman who sold everything they had for a boat only to have it sink 30 miles from shore, takes to crowdfunding to raise enough money to make the same mistake again
florida man too fat to go to prison
florida man builds intercontinental ballistic love missile for valentine's day &lt;3
florida man steals a van...home sweet home.
bmxing florida man with ss tattoo busted with weed, meth, and a 3 dollar bill
florida man stuffs over $1,000 in rectum in attempt to hide it from deputies
florida man (or woman) steals car with dead body inside.
florida man spotted in publix parking lot
florida man (and former choir teacher) hit a low note when he was arrested for showing porn to a teenager and masturbating in front of him.
florida man makes underwater glock to hunt lionfish
florida man and girlfriend sell all possessions to live on a sailboat, the boat sinks 2 days into adventur
florida man caught putting lye in yum yum sauce
florida man (and pastor) tricked teenager into sex after convincing her of demonic possession: police
florida man leaves bacon at mosque crime scene
you heard of florida man prepare for his son florida teen
florida man injects himself with a machete and a plane and failed epically at both
florida man with machete shot dead by cops
machette wielding florida man shot by police
local punk band writes balled about florida man
florida man who happens to be the founder of  ask gary' medical, legal referral service arrested on dui charge
florida man steals a mig-15, defects from north korea
florida man, the (documentary)
florida man flying while high pleads guilty to brawl with flight attendants, other passengers
elderly florida man &amp; wife convicted of laundering 8 millions $$$ in bingo earnings
florida man arrested for burglarizing public toilets, pawns plumbing loot
florida man sentenced to 1 year fed time, accomplice sentenced to 6 months county, for molesting/injuring 3 endangered key deer
florida man accused of sexual battery of a child years ago and exposing himself to another. also florida man is a pastor.
florida man making strange claims
florida man and florida woman leave their six-year-old son in truck outside bar so they could go inside to root on the eagles in the super bowl.
sheriff florida man hangs neon 'vacancy' sign at his jail and is proud of its 1 star rating
florida man-to-be (florida boy) gets trapped inside arcade claw machine
florida man in training gets trapped in stuffed toy arcade machine
florida man says his apple airpod exploded
florida man gets 16 girls pregnant after ejaculating in a pool party
florida man sells everything to buy a boat and travel the globe. it sinks the next day
there is always vacancy for florida man.
florida man won't stop playing chicken with a new high-speed train
gigantic, grey-skinned florida man trolls city hall on twitter over a gate
florida man bit off fiance's ear after accusing him of talking to another man
mom walks out on son after transforming into florida man
florida man gets 7 years for putting plumber's lye in yum yum sauce at polk county restaurant
crafty florida man hides drugs in his butt
florida man jerry springer says florida's no weirder than anywhere else
florida man shoots woman, drives wrong way down i-95, killed by deputy on highway after car catches fire
florida man gary, of 1-800-ask-gary and producer of mtvs 'siesta key' arrested for dui in manatee county
aspiring politician florida man banned from publix after shoplifting $23 in groceries, admits he  did something really stupid 
florida man pulled over for dui does cartwheel
florida man shot girlfriend before driving wrong way on i-95, and getting shot himself
florida man visited by unwanted amazon delivery man   twice
florida man passes out at mcdonald s drive-thru, tries to prove he is sober by doing cartwheel: police
florida man eats face
florida man, producer of mtvs siesta key, and owner of 1-800-ask-gary arrested for dui.
florida man refuses to ride giant slide at florida state fair
florida man busted for weed trafficking and giving grow advice. you won't believe the plea deal he got.
elderly florida man and woman stole $8 million in bingo proceeds
florida man beat up girlfriend for dissing tom brady
florida man finds 8-foot alligator in his pool
florida man launches his car into space
florida man apparently moved to ohio, climbed through woman's window, assaulted her
florida man pulled over for dui does cartwheel while telling cops about how much chardonnay he drank
florida man awarded $37,500 after cops mistake glazed doughnut crumbs for meth : the two-way : npr
florida man pulled over for dui does cartwheel in mcdonald's parking lot
no justice for man boiled to death in florida prison
amazon delivery man found wandering through florida man's home
florida man does cartwheel during sobriety test
florida man: he killed a woman in a bar with one punch to the face. now he faces 11 years in prison.
florida man, 41, used space heater to rob woman
face-eating florida man says from jail he just wants  to be normal kid'
florida man kills woman in broad daylight, puts her body in the passenger seat and drives the wrong way on i95 causing several accidents before being shot by police.
florida man steals bees because he thought they were 'abandoned
florida man mike hunt arrested for stalking lana del rey
florida man with devil horns tattooed on forehead arrested
florida man enjoys canadian whiskey, menthol cigarettes and being a  sexual exhibitionist 
florida man charged with construction material theft from bridge project
florida man arrested for attempting to kidnap lana del rey
florida man - florida gulf coast university professor ted thornhill teaches a course entitled  white racism  and defended both the course and his assertion that black racism did not exist, in an op-ed republished on the conversation.
florida man donates loaded grenade launcher to goodwill
artistic florida man in trouble for painting his house like van gogh's 'starry night'
florida man asks wife to hide cocaine in her vagina during traffic stop; k9 officer easily sniffs it out
florida man and wife arrested for leaving kid in their truck while they went to a bar to watch the super bowl
florida man arrested for plan to kidnap lana del rey
florida man kills cellmate while awaiting trial for killing previous cellmate
florida man steals makeup, nail polish, and soap from funeral home plans on extreme makeover
florida man to attempt marathon in three-piece suit
florida man arrested for attempting to kidnap lana del rey
florida man arrested working out at community gym naked in florida, deputies say
florida man arrested after found doing naked spin class at an orlando apartment complex...classes cancelled indefinitely
florida man takes credit for kidnapping that didn't occur: lana del rey kidnapping attempt thwarted by orlando police
florida man arrested during thwarted attempt to kidnap lana del ray.
florida man arrested during thwarted attempt to kidnap singer lana del ray
florida man arrested in pink boxers
florida man attacks coworker with a machete
florida man attacks coworker with a machete over a power cord
florida man attacks coworker with a machete in a fight over a power cord
florida man is no match for 7-eleven clerk...ego bruised on the way out.
florida man hands trooper weed pipe during traffic stop.
florida man breaks into funeral home, steals tub of formaldehyde, deputies say
a completely naked florida (wo)man went on a vehicular rampage and rolled to a stop
florida man and woman lied to their 13-year-old son about having brain cancer so they could raise money
florida man and woman lied to their 13-year-old son about him having brain cancer so they could raise money
florida man and wife convinced 13-year-old he was dying of cancer so they could set up a go fund me site they could plunder.
florida man becomes first person to live with advanced mind-controlled robotic arm - futurism
florida man accused of threatening to kidnap singer lana del rey
florida man forces children to sleep next to dead 6 year old who was killed over a cookie.
florida man mistakes bank drive-thru for taco bell, charged with dui.
florida man sets christmas tree on fire with gasoline
florida man stabs two publix employees over a $7.99 ceasar salad
naked florida man bank robber found not guilty by reason of insanity
what is it with caesar and stabbings?! florida man accused of stabbing publix employees over salad
naked [florida man] caught riding stationary bike in community gym, deputies say
florida man arrested for stabbing publix employees laughs in the face of the judge
deputies:  bored  florida man breaks into funeral home
florida man prisoner kills cellmate, says 'one less child molester'
florida man sentenced to 30 years in prison for 'birthday sex' attempt with 9, 11-yr-old
florida man lost his boom tube
fried chicken swiping florida man can't fly the coop
florida teen carjacked a 76-year-old man at gunpoint and planned to trade his corvette for a small amount of marijuana.
florida man tries to file a complaint with police, gets run off.
florida man dropping off child at school had .233 bac, police say
florida man plays dungeons and dragons
florida man dies as sand tunnel he built for his kids collapsed on him
florida man rides exercise bike naked, then masturbates into a pond
florida man calls flight attendant n-word,  slave  and threatens her life
florida man hits  armless, legless  gf because he s tired of taking care of her
florida man politician with hidden felony cocaine record voted illegally for two decades (x-post r/flgovernment)
florida man judge picks a fight with public defender
florida woman teacher keeps her trophy husband happy by selling drugs. ends the way florida man stories always do.
florida man shot with taser after running on highway
florida man tries to steal two planes, take joyride in golf cart and fuel truck.
what is the original florida man post?
florida man? donates loaded grenade launcher to a goodwill
florida man (?) donates loaded grenade launcher to goodwill
florida man breaks into someone s garage, makes himself coffee
florida man another florida man with a machete after the two tangled in traffic
machete-weilding florida man attacked walmart shopper who cut him off in traffic
florida man in dumpster stripped naked high on flakka
14-year-old florida man brags on /r/the_donald about reporting his undocumented classmate to ice so they could be deported while wearing a maga hat and posing in front of trump as a dictator with a 'white power' hand sign
florida man accused of beating armless, legless girlfriend
florida man dying of cancer chooses to spend his last two weeks alive by getting married.
authorities say a florida man purposefully crashed his car into a state trooper's patrol vehicle.
florida man beats armless &amp; legless girlfriend, then takes her to wal-mart
florida man beats armless &amp; legless girlfriend, then takes her to wal-mart because he's "sick &amp; tired" of caring for her
florida man beat armless &amp; legless girlfriend; takes her to wal-mart, confesses to shoppers
florida man beats armless &amp; legless girlfriend; takes her to wal-mart, confesses to shoppers
wannabe pirate florida man steals 17th century gold bar
florida man speeds up concealed carry permits for active and retired military.
florida man (boy) gets expelled after bragging on t_d about reporting illegals to ice
florida man (boy) baker acted after punching teacher.
florida man beats armless, legless girlfriend -- then turns himself in at walmart
florida man breaks into stranger's garage, makes coffee
florida man stabs sister 20 times, flees to mexico, ends up in macon, ga
florida man gets 20 years for robbing century coin laundry, fleeing with change in plastic pumpkin
florida man tries to steal 2 planes, crashes fuel truck
florida man arrested for role in illegal ivory trade.
florida man accused of punching armless, legless girlfriend
florida man saves young girl from vicious dog attack
florida man arrested for attempting to steal 2 airplanes from hangar
how much is 20 years worth to you? for florida man, about $300, in coins.
florida man discovers his bucket list ought not include digging any more sand tunnels.
florida man drops down pants and sodomises flamingo to death.
florida man busted after trying to sell stolen items back to victim.
6-foot-9 inch florida man punched his handicapped girlfriend and wanted cops to arrest him
florida man wants to observe daylight saving time all the time
florida man arrested with 1.5 million dollars worth of marijuana
ferrari owner accuses florida hotel valet of giving $300,000 car to wrong man
ferrari owner accuses florida man of giving $300,000 car to wrong man
florida man charged with dui after mistaking bank drive-thru for taco bell
florida man accused of igniting flares at polk county mall
enjoy some fresh squeezed organic drama from my florida man and florida woman neighborhood!
florida man attempts to kidnap child for blogger's "undercover test."
florida man gives himself brain damage so he can feel like he's playing skyrim again for the first time.
florida man tries to give himself brain damage to start skyrim anew
florida man accused of beating toddler, putting her in oven
florida man gets wish to marry sweetheart before death
paw &amp; order: florida man solves the case of the runaway horse
florida man in prison for death threat to obama gets additional time for threatening trump
high court bans florida man from landing helicopter at his mansion
florida man decides to make a little extra money as an artist.
florida man lets jesus take the wheel, flips truck 5 times on interstate
florida man arrested after caught eating ass inside toys "r" us store
florida man accused of execution-style murder of his neighbor explains why he did it
florida man wrangles gator using wet blanket, broom
florida man celebrates successful crossing of brightline tracks with a cigarette.
florida woman allegedly steals $500 winning lottery ticket, gives florida man $5 instead
florida man arrested 344 times is headed back to jail
florida man steals fish in his pants.
florida man saves the life of a police officer in the cells, becomes stations favourite repeat offender
florida man valet gave keys to $300,000 ferrari to the wrong guy, lawsuit claims
florida man, about to be released from 5 year sentence for threatening obama, threatens trump
florida man accidentally texts detective asking for marijuana - breitbart
florida man arrested for eating ass in toys r us
florida man steals exotic fish from a pet shop and runs from the shop with the fish stuffed in his pants
florida man accused of stealing star wars playstation games
florida man arrested at hospital or trespassing, said he just wanted to finish watching the game
florida man arrested at hospital for trespassing, said he just wanted to finish watching the game
florida man tattoos computer company's logo on arm, company pays to remove it.
florida (wo)man in love with tetris
florida man and woman to get married on a pirate ship during gasparilla parade (lic)
florida man tries to order burrito from bank, gets charged with dui
florida man eats ass in toys r us
florida man explodes 2 ieds at florida mall
price gouging florida man department of corrections charges prisoners $17 for soup, $18 for tampons
florida man mistakes bank drive-thru for taco bell, gets dui after ordering burrito, sheriff says
florida man arrested for assaulting girlfriend with fried chicken.
florida man wrestles alligator outside of his home
florida man attacks girlfriend with an unlikely weapon   his dinner, cops say
florida man busted for dui after confusing bank with taco bell drive-thru
this belongs here. florida man forever.
florida man mistakes bank drive-thru for taco bell, gets dui after ordering burrito: sheriff
florida man punched atm for giving too much cash
brightline train hits fort lauderdale florida man, third person in eight days
florida man chucks his glass eye an an er nurse
florida man/woman accidentally texts detective looking for drugs.
florida man cries after blowing his chance to go to the superbowl
florida dog vicously attacks and maims 4-year-old and is sentenced to death. florida man protests in the street and passes a law saving florida dog's life. florida dog vicously attacks and maims teenage girl.
florida man struck by high-speed train after attempting to cross railroad tracks. this is the third incident involving the same line in the last week.
florida man: drunk driver gets arrested after mistaking a bank drive-thru for taco bell, according to sheriff
florida attorney man creates made up marijuana licenses for client, some go to jail after being caught using made up marijuana licenses
one-armed florida man crashes vehicle he stole from whataburge, blames disability
florida man tries to declare porn a public health risk
florida man rides his bicycle on the interstate and identifies as "the son of man"
florida man was arrested for dui after passing out in a bank's drive-up lane. when employees finally got him to wake up he tried to order a burrito, thinking he was at a taco bell drive-thru.
florida man mistakenly orders taco bell at bank drive thru.
florida man bun bandit!!!
florida man survives bear attack in back yard
florida man arrested for driving 105 mph in 45 zone. threatens to sexually assault arresting officer s wife.
deputies: florida man mistakes bank for taco bell drive-thru
florida man tries to order burrito at bank drive-through, thinks it s taco bell - news - alternative press
florida man and his gator. repost from r/funny
how florida man parks his car
florida man says he was attacked by a bobcat inside woman s home. turns out it was just an overweight house cat.
florida man offers discount tattoos because the jags might make it to the super bowl
florida man sues reddit over negative reviews about his psychiatric practice
florida man hits $1m jackpot in vegas playing simpsons slot, should be up to florida man nonsense soon
florida man drunkenly called 911 to report his wife is a 'black widow spider'
florida man arrested for dui after mistaking bank drive-thru for taco bell
florida man pees all over plane bathroom
today in florida: drunk man mistakes bank for taco bell drive thru
florida man sends explicit photos of woman to her boss as revenge, deputies say
florida man, brides end boston wedding day with brawl in tremont street bar
drunk florida man calls 911 to report his wife is a 'black widow spider' and requests she be baker acted
florida man watches a python battle am alligator on a golf course
florida man responding to craigslist sex ad robbed by woman s boyfriend
florida man (teen) snapchats photo of gun: 'i dare anyone to come to school tuesday'
drunk florida man crashes into attorney's office
florida man steps outside, finds bear standing next to him
florida man downloads 13 zetabytes of porn
florida man attacked by bear in his backyard after checking to see what scared his dog
florida man and pal arrested for opening fire hydrants
florida woman discovers hiring a florida man and woman to kill the woman your 'true love' is cheating on you with is going to produce classic florida results.
florida man invites man to his house then robs him at gunpoint when he arrives
florida man and woman kill wrong person in murder-for-hire plot stemming from love triangle
florida man caught with 'full rack of ribs' in his pants
florida man who is an attorney, and fellow florida man who was a cop, arrested for cocaine trafficking
florida man declares ucf as national champions
florida man charged with illegally feeding alligator after it bit off his hand
florida man, 20, claims $450m mega millions jackpot
toddler florida man ods on pills - again
florida man makes friends with alligator
florida man getting all the money
florida man builds a  machine  to communicate with aliens.
florida man arrested for shoplifting full rack of ribs, 9-piece fried chicken, mashed potatoes in pants
scientists tell florida man to round up dangerous monkeys
florida man gets herpes from florida monkey
florida man claims $450 million in mega millions jackpot
florida man claims $451 million mega millions jackpot, choosing lump $282 million instead
florida man, 20, steps forward to claim $450 million mega millions prize - after reacting 'oh. my. god' to his win
20 year old florida man wins $451m mega millions jackpot. something tells me  do some good for humanity  may involve helping strippers pay for college.
florida man wins latest mega millions jackpot!
florida man engages in fisticuffs with an atm
florida man jumps off bridge to get away from girlfriend
florida man jumps off bridge to escape intoxicated girlfriend
florida man jumps off bridge to escape drunk, belligerent girlfriend
florida man happy to be alive after bear attack leaves him with 41 stitches in face
florida man road crew finds rusted mortar shell, shuts down traffic
florida man gets 41 stitches after losing boxing match with bear
florida man an expert at "flashing his butt at people."
alabama man trying to take florida man crown.
alabama man taking florida mans crown.
florida man walks to convenience store in hoodie at night to buy candy
florida man is pulled over. he gives the cop a fake gun. then he gives them fake cash. then, he gives them a bag of real meth.
florida man is pulled over. he gives the cops a fake gun. then he gives them fake cash. then, he gives them a bag of real meth.
florida man happy to be alive after bear attack
florida bear attacks man
florida man fights a bear
florida monkeys, cousin to florida man, have deadly herpes! stay away!! 
florida man charged in the fatal shooting if his twin brother, with a nearly identical name.
florida man tries to open door on seattle-beijing flight, hit by multiple wine bottles
florida man claimed he ran onto airport runway because he couldn't read, police say
florida man goes grocery shoplifting; list includes rack o ribs, mashed potatoes, hamburger buns &amp; fried chicken (9 pieces), all found in his pants
florida man cop busted for snorting cocaine in the open on night off
florida man kicked off flight for bad aim in bathroom
florida man kills twin brother, both have the same name
florida man wants to remove its herpes-excreting wild monkeys
florida man saves 233 iguanas from cold weather
florida (wo)man falls in love with tetris, plans to marry it
florida man...can t get better than this.
florida man declares college football team national champions by government order.
florida man removes 'full rack of ribs' from his pants.
florida man caught with 'full rack of ribs' in his pants, police say
florida man has a shocking day
florida man is attacked by a bobcat that turns out to be a housecat.
florida man locks child in dog crate and denies him food
florida man ripped urinal from restaurant bathroom wall, ran away naked into woods
raving, drunk florida man gets kicked off of plane after peeing all over the floor
florida man reports himself for drink driving
florida man calls 911 to report himself drunk driving
florida man kicked off plane after using the bathroom
florida man offers "a house for wayward women"
florida man, accused of cutting woman's throat on christmas day, gouges out own eye with thumb while in tenn. jail
florida man declares university of central florida knights to be ncaa college football champions 5 hours before the championship game
florida man governor declares that, by law, the university of central florida knights are the 2017 college football national champions
lonely soon to be florida man looking for accomplice.
florida man and florida woman appeal to supreme court in attempt to keep their tree house.
florida man says he was attacked by bobcat, owner says it was just a housecat
florida man calls 911 to report himself for drunk driving
florida man calls 9-1-1 to report himself for drunk driving
florida man arrested, banned from airport after urinating on floor of plane
cops threaten to make florida man homeless because he allowed a homeless man to sleep in his home.
florida man and dozens more arrested before boarding cruise ship
florida man causes accident, due to carload of semi-frozen iguanas thawing out unexpectedly soon
florida man sues after alleging bobcat attack, but condo owner says it was a housecat
just when we thought he couldn't get any more depraved, florida man busted for selling shrimp on facebook
florida man, who spent a week hiding in a warship s engine room, found covered in urine and feces. he had a camelback, a multi-tool, peeps candy and an empty peanut butter jar with him
missing florida man found hiding in a warship s engine room covered in urine and feces. he had a camelback, a multi-tool, peeps candy and an empty peanut butter jar with him
a florida man loaded his car up with frozen iguanas and then they came back to life while he was driving.
florida man calls 911 to report himself drunk driving
florida man dials 911 to report his own drunk driving
florida man calls police for resturaunt serving him "extremely so small" clams
florida man punches girlfriend over cookie. florida man must really like his cookies becausethis is the second time i've seen florida man hurt someone over them.
electro door contraption constructed by florida man
florida man discovers pool has frozen overnight
florida man shoots cat because he  looked at him like he owned the place 
a florida man is dead and suspects are on the loose with dozens of stolen firearms
florida man chases wife out of the house with gunshots, gets shot by police.
florida man *stupid* drunk calls 911 on himself...audio included in story link. ( not responsible for orbiting sides, spewed drink or wetting yourself from laughing so hard...)
florida man heroically survives 0.1  of snow, commemorates with t-shirt.
the great florida man fights crime by calling the police to report a drunk driver. the identity of the criminal has been revealed as, florida man himself.
florida man has been arrested and banned from an airport after urinating on the floor of a plane.
florida man claims national championship for his university; pays football coach bonuses
florida man deputy that encouraged police dog to  eat  graffiti artists settle $175,000 lawsuit
florida man stole 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man gets stuck in the sewer "looking for his cat" and singing amazing grace
florida man gets stuck in sewer while "looking for his cat" and singing amazing grace; local florida man assists in rescue attempt
florida man goes on hilarious rant about cold weather
florida man beats his stepson to death over a cookie
florida man enjoys slapping the buttocks of exotic dancers and rubbing his junk on others
florida man shot and killed three nights in a row
florida man in santa hat stole baby jesus figurine from nativity scene on christmas
florida man beat six-year-old stepson to death over cookie
florida man beats 7-year-old to death for getting a cookie, makes boy's brothers join in beating
florida man, aka "sandflea jesus" broke into animal hospital and released cats.
florida man named "blood" bites girlfriend during fight, draws blood
florida man lawyer who sues #metoo hollywood once accused of raping receptionist
florida man lawyer makes porn with female inmates
florida man upset over missing cookie attacks girlfriend, police say
florida man accused of rigging door to his home to electrocute pregnant wife
florida man rigs door in attempt to electrocute estranged pregnant wife
dungeons and dragons - florida man edition
florida man hides for week in warship engine room to escape navy
florida man arrested for using stolen credit cart to watch pitch perfect 3.
polo player florida man goes to wrong house, strips naked, and climbs into another man's bed
florida man gets the urge to touch himself so, of course he gets naked, climbs inside the nearest random infant's nursery closet and gets busy.
florida man vs. steak n shake
florida man arrested after allegedly punching girlfriend over chocolate chip cookie, report says
florida man who said girlfriend choked on his penis cleared of murder
florida man takes picture up woman s dress in walmart, deputies say
florida man steals $250,000 ferrari, leaves dealership sticker on the window
florida man eats mdma, commits piracy, isn't judged by swans.
florida man arrested for rigging door to electrocute pregnant wife
hernando county sheriff's department says it's "illogical thinking" to think that anyone would welcome in 2018 by "firing gunshots into the air" but, this being the home of florida man, they do their civic duty.
florida man, who fatally stabbed an emotional-support sheep for poor kids won't go to jail. he isn't baaaaad enough.
florida man woos girl then steals everything
florida man accused of rigging door to electrocute his pregnant wife
florida man accused of running marijuana grow house
florida man suspected of choking his wife to death says it was because of his abnormally large penis found not guilty
woman catches florida man masturbating in her infant daughter's nursery
just to be clear, according to this headline, this florida man was shot and killed not once, not twice, but three times in each and every consecutive night?
florida man rigged front door to try to electrocute his pregnant wife, police say
florida man says he punched atm for giving too much cash
florida man paralyzed after falling from a roof while chasing a monkey that had stolen his favorite pittsburgh steelers hat
florida man paralysed after chasing monkey that stole his favourite hat
florida man says he punched atm for giving too much cash.
florida man arrested after yelling about how terrible florida is (and other weird florida news of 2017)
florida man appears in pop culture.
florida man can't decide where to park his truck.
florida man serial gas station robber has recurring question: where's the fiji water?
florida man chants 'lock him up' during donald trump's robot speech at hall of presidents
florida man punches other florida man to death for eating his cupcake.
florida man steals ferrari and drives next to a gainesville/alachua county drug task force vehicle with a license plate reader
florida man accused of calling 911 to gripe about small clams
florida man accused of attacking atm for dispensing too much cash
florida man beats up atm for giving him too much cash, police say.
florida man beats up atm for giving him too much cash
florida man arrested after punching atm for  giving him too much money 
florida man hates free money
florida man with gun and bullets causes orlando airport backup
florida man calls 911, claims clams he ordered were too small
craziest florida man stories of 2017
florida man attacks atm for 'giving him too much money'
florida man arrested after punching atm for giving him too much money
florida man whose real name is second chance gets no second chance
florida man punches atm for giving him "too much money".
going to see  pitch perfect 3  on his 21st birthday led to christmas night in jail for florida man
ice cream pint purchase nets florida man thousands
florida man holds up gas station over 89 cent cigar
florida man is unhanded and legless yet still dangerous
florida man arrested after repeatedly calling 911 about restaurant's small clams
florida man is the real-life tarzan
florida man with 'sinner' tattoo headbutted officer
florida man attacked an atm for 'giving him too much money'
florida man attacks atm for giving him too much money
body found inside burning car in devils lake identified as florida man
florida man arrested for destroying atm that gave him too much cash
florida man high on mdma steals boat to be with the swans because  they don t judge him 
florida man charged for 911 calls about tiny clams
florida man fighting for his life after chasing monkey that stole his hat
florida man arrested for calling 911 to complain about small restaurant portion
florida man high on acid in a pond, deputies use stun gun
florida man figured the only way he was going to get a decent sized serving was to call 911 and complain. perhaps the jail kitchen will supersize things for him.
florida man paralyzed after chasing monkey that stole his favorite hat
florida man assaults neighbor after gun does not fire most likely due to his pennywise look.
florida man pistol whips neighbor after gun won t fire. engineers wife leaves him for this pennywise looking criminal.
florida man beats atm, says it gave too much cash
florida man arrested after repeatedly calling 911 to report that a restaurant's clams are too small
florida man composes year-end poem of florida men
florida man fighting for life after chasing monkey
florida man downloads a lot of porn.
florida man beats atm, says it gave too much cash
florida man calls 911 to complain about restaurant meal portion size
florida man shoots at football opponent who scored touchdown
florida man kills girlfriend and then himself -- and shocked parents say he planned to propose
florida man fighting for his life after chasing monkey that had stolen his hat
florida man in hospital after chasing monkey
florida man ded in nd
florida man went out in a blaze of glory up in north dakota
florida man attempts to shoplift chainsaw by stuffing it down his pants.
florida man calls 911 to complain about portion size at a restaurant
florida man arrested after calling 911 to complain about portion size at a restaurant
florida man fighting for his life after chasing monkey who stole
florida cop tells man who shot him that he'll need a lot of lube in prison
florida man falls from roof after chasing monkey that stole his favorite hat
florida man tased four times for punching mailboxs and threatening cops
florida woman city commissioner tried to stop cops from arresting florida man campaign donor accused of machete spree, emails show
honest florida man tells police he had a 'case of the stupids' as excuse for eluding deputies
florida man punches girlfriend in the face over missing cookie
florida man calls 911, says clams he ordered were too small
trump says florida man congressman ron desantis would  make a great governor of florida 
florida man kills girlfriend and then himself -- and shocked parents say he planned to propose -
florida man arrested after child's homework has depiction of school shooting
cops: missing cookie led to domestic attack florida man, 31, upset someone ate last remaining chocolate chip cookie
florida man dude stole rental boat because he was high and wanted to be with swans: cops
again florida man
florida man who says his name is 'born free' is now no longer free.
florida man on mdma gets stranded while trying to be with swans because  they don t judge him 
florida man high on ecstasy ends up stranded in the middle of a lake, cops say
florida man accuses neighbors of stealing $26,000 in retirement gold hidden in a litter box
florida man eludes capture, dies in process
cops: florida man and florida woman stalked a woman for being french
florida man from gulf coast - places to visit in the evening
florida man tries to give himself brain damage so he can start skyrim anew
florida man drives stolen jeep in only his underwear
florida man drug suspect tells cop his new scooter came packed with meth, coke
florida man offers to reveal the location of woman he murdered in return for taco bell burritos (skip to 20:30 in the video)
florida man who raped toddler son gets sentenced
florida man rescued in lake after taking molly and stealing swan boat
florida man accused of shooting at football opponent who scored td on him
florida man steals chainsaw, then comes back to steal suspenders
florida man downloads 13 zetabytes of porn to avoid net neutrality fees
florida man drags police officer with car
florida man tries to give himself brain damage to start skyrim anew
florida man (state sen)  on multiple occasions  offered to trade his vote for sex with a female lobbyist
florida man who marooned himself on lake fountain says he took too much mdma and wanted to be with the swans
underwear-clad florida man clings to a moving jeep
florida man really likes skyrim (x-post)
florida man who is an attorney visited jail to make porn with inmate, sheriff says.
florida man mayor resigns after using disabled parking placards which belonged to the deceased
florida man punches fire chief performing cpr on his wife
florida man lawyer accused of filming jailhouse  porn scenes 
florida man with 20/20 hindsight gonna be the richest man in 2020.
the softer side of florida man
florida man -- a lawyer in tampa -- films porn videos in local jail
florida man who marooned himself on fountain says he took too much mdma and wanted to be with the swans
near naked florida man on hood of jeep screaming in winn-dixie parking lot
best of florida man in 2017
florida man george zimmerman threatens to feed rapper jay-z to a gator
florida man tries to solicite sex from inmates and gets arrested, presumably will get lucky in prison.
florida man tries to post to reddit, finds out he is an internet idiot. meanwhile, florida lawyer goes to jail for soliciting sex from inmates.
a homeless florida man high on mdma "wanted to be with the swans because they don't judge him."
florida man crashes suv into home and lands on couch
homeless florida man plays street piano beautifully (not your usual florida man)
florida man steals another florida man's pet monkey
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of porn before net neutrality ends says, "i ain't payin' for no god damn porn."
florida man ranked 2nd best driver in country.
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of open before net neutrality ends saying "i ain't payin fo no god damn porn."
florida man steals swan boat then gets stranded on lake eola fountain
fcso arrests florida man, 49, after his 2 wives press charges for bigamy
drunk florida man steals taxi, crashes through gates of trump's fl golf club
man accused of forcing florida woman on naked walk of shame suffers from  penis envy : lawyer
florida man prepares for the end of net neutrality
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of porn before net neutrality ends says  i ain t payin fo no god damn porn. 
florida man a ups employee delivers package containing iphone x and goes back to steal it.
florida man steals kevin hart's attention at a nyc marathon
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of porn before net neautrality ends say "i ain't payin fo no god damn porn." (x-post /r/theydidthemath)
florida man ain t paying for no porn
florida man fights for net neutrality
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of porn before net neutrality ends saying "i aint payin fo no god damn porn"
florida man gets marooned on a fountain after stealing a swan boat
florida man stranded at lake eola (orlando) fountain after stolen swan boat floats away
florida man wishes yo a merry xmas
florida man steals swan boat and then needs police to rescue him from the middle of a lake in orlando
r/floridaman's "best of 2017" content - come vote for your favourite stories to win gold!
florida man finds pouring scalding hot water on a two-year-old will not only not quiet the child but will get you sent to jail.
florida man gets stranded in park fountain after stealing swan boat, which is also a pok mon gym.
florida man mistakes firefighters for burglar, shoots at them through door
florida man gets probation for hurling dog into traffic
florida man gets probation for throwing dog into traffic
florida man arrested for trying to trade chicken alfredo, sprite for sex
florida man downloads 13 zettabytes of porn before net neutrality ends says "i ain't payin for no god damn porn."
florida man gets drunk, steals christmas decorations, puts them up in his yard
florida man upsets both wives when they discover he is a bigamist
florida man is playing chess. not checkers.
florida man arrested for viral video of him and friends dragging a shark to death on boat
florida man teacher's aide solicited nude photos, sex from girls, authorities say
florida man steals dead dogs
florida man drags shark behind motor boat, charged with animal cruelty
florida man poker dealer caught stacking the deck
crafty florida man tries to get his weed past court security.
florida man steals gun from police
police searching for florida man dubbed  crapperman 
florida man arrested for stealing almost $1000 of coral from an aquarium store.
florida man steals pet's remains from veterinarian hospital's freezer
florida man asks r/legaladvice if he can get in trouble for regularly pooping on his neighbor's porch
florida man collectively doesn't know how to lock his fucking car.
florida man stole from hospital gift shop while girlfriend was in icu
florida man sets fire to his girlfriend s house, blames it on a  random black guy 
florida man loots cop's car in driveway, then later turns himself in.
florida man overdoses on fentanyl in back of patrol car
florida man stabs inflatable snowman in front yard of home
florida man who smashed mosque windows, left bacon gets 15-year sentence
video shows florida man being shot to death after dragging cop by the leg
florida man finds extreme way to cheat diet
florida man urinates in middle of steak  n shake in front of dozens of customers
florida man learns that perhaps he shouldn't try to get that bonfire going by dousing it with gasoline.
florida man nabbed by cops for not pulling over, claimed he was racing to have sex
in what may change the world's opinion of florida man, a fisherman jumps in the water to save a loggerhead turtle trapped in a fishing line
video shows florida man kicking, punching and dragging a broward county sheriff's deputy before being fatally shot by another cop in lauderdale lakes
florida rally cheers when republican florida man state senator predicts trump s jerusalem embassy decision may usher in armageddon
florida man er doctors save elf on the shelf attacked by family dog
florida man troll to fight professional female mma fighter
florida man accused of punching, pistol whipping woman in fight over kfc
florida man attempting to rob walgreens foiled by clerk s stare-down
florida man dies after being punched in the face over beer
florida man hacks uber
16 year old florida man accused of stealing assault rifle, other items from police car
florida man pimp calls police because his teenage prostitute was missing, saving her life
florida man accused of setting girlfriend's house on fire tries to blame 'random black guy'
florida man leaves gift for his new neighbours and accidentally commits a hate crime
florida man and pastor founds remote, off-the-grid sanctuary village for sex offenders.
florida man caught fornicating in front yard
florida man fatally shot after attacking officer
florida man jailed for 15 years for hate crimes after leaving bacon in mosque
florida man claims to be "burger king," gets driven to "satan's town"
florida man mention in wapo article about rand paul getting beat up.
florida man blinds police helicopter with lazer pointer, gets found and arrested by pilot.
uber paid 20-year-old florida man to keep data breach secret - sources
florida man vandalizes a mosque by smashing lights and windows but, probably it was the bacon he left at the door that earned him a 15 year sentence.
transracial' florida man born white claims he is filipino
florida man breaks into garage, drinks wine cooler and takes torch
when florida man shines laser pointer at police helicopter, pilot lands in a parking lot and arrests him.
florida man attempts to steal flat screen tv from residence but settles for a butterball turkey fryer.
florida man, pursued by police, falls off overpass in n. kentucky
story from first coast news jacksonville- shockingly, police did not find florida man playing golf at the ritz carlton.
shockingly, florida man was not found playing golf at the ritz carlton. source first coast news jacksonville.
florida man: davie man accused of exposing himself to ubereats drivers. "now give me that cookie, baby!"
florida man sentenced to 15 years for breaking into a mosque and leaving a slab of raw bacon
florida man skydiving santa hits lightpole and tree, crashes on beach, breaks leg while delivering elf on a shelf.
florida man kills 17-foot python, sets new record.
a florida man mayor stole a dead woman s identity to use a handicapped parking spot, police say
exclusive: uber paid 20-year-old florida man to keep data breach secret - sources
florida man has to google how to burn down his girlfriend's house
shockingly, florida man was not found playing golf at the ritz carlton.
cops: florida man teenager sets girlfriend s house on fire, blames  random black guy 
florida man possum breaks into liquor store, drinks entire bottle of bourbon
florida man asks cops to smoke a joint with him.
florida man planned mass shooting at islamic center
florida man finds iguanas always popping up in his pooper
florida man caught on camera stabbing inflatable snowman
florida man unaware of drugs in his pants says trousers were borrowed
florida man breaks leg after crashing into tree dressed as santa
florida man blames random black guy after setting girlfriend's house ablaze
mayor florida man gets car repossessed during council meeting
florida man reincarnated as possum; drinks entire bottle of bourbon
man who attacked classmate with hammer can keep gop post, florida state party official says
florida man arrested for drawing on child's homework
florida man draws violent school scene on child s homework
florida man arrested after drawing violent scene on child s homework
florida man is leaking
florida man films chemtrails (you are breathing this shit)
florida man accused of cyberstalking judge who issued injunction against him for stalking two others
florida man charged with drawing school shooting on stepson's homework
florida man wastes cocaine on a baby.
florida man who shot an officer receives a bottle of lube from the same officer at his sentencing.
florida man opossum breaks into a florida liquor store and gets drunk as a skunk.
florida man with 'do not resuscitate' tattoo causes er ethical dilemma
florida man draws arson and a school shooter on a child s homework
florida man opossum breaks into liquor store and gets drunk as a skunk
florida man planned to use religion to legitimize sex with girls, 13 and 14, police say
florida man sets girlfriend s house on fire, blames it on  random black guy 
florida man stops during police chase to shoot up heroin
florida man opossum gets drunk after breaking into liquor store
typical florida animals are just like your typical florida man
typical florida animals are just like your typcial florida man
typical florida man and friends (all police) accidently "misplace" meth
florida man (opossum) breaks into liquor store, gets drunk as a skunk.
florida man doctors honor 'do not resuscitate' tattoo on unconscious patient
florida man threats cops with a big dildo
florida man tattoos "do not resisutate" on chest. dr's unsure what to do. florida man dies
florida man tattoos "do not resuscitate" on chest. goes to hospital and dr's unsure what to do. florida man dies
florida man (opossum) breaks into liquor store and gets drunk as a skunk
florida man planned to use religion to legitimize sex with girls, 13 and 14, police say
it's not just florida man, it's also florida opossum. opossum breaks into liquor store, gets drunk as a skunk.
florida man shoots up heroin mid police chase
florida man stops during police chase to shoot up heroin
florida man bit in balls by iguana   
real wish or drunken regret? a  do not resuscitate  tattoo on unconscious florida man throws emergency doctors
florida man: he s going to prison for shooting a cop. the cop taunted him with k-y jelly in court.
florida man flushes a resilient iguana down the toilet
florida man shoots up heroin during car chase
florida man arrested for throwing alligator through wendy s drive-thru window
florida man high on meth climbs onto strangers roof to howl, tells police he was waiting for a meeting with a dea agent
florida man busted for child pornography after repair tech finds folder named "very young girls"
a florida man collapsed with a  do not resuscitate  tattoo. doctors didn t know what to do
florida man with  do not resuscitate  tattoo collapsed. doctors didn't know what to do.
florida man shoots up heroin during car chase, deputies say
florida man arrested for yelling about how bad florida is
florida man refuses to put on shirt for news interview
creep shot taking florida man in trouble for uploading classmates' pictures to fetish sites
ap news : florida man being chased by cops stops to shoot up heroin
florida man attacks police with giant sex toy.
florida man poses as female coast guard officer, dupes woman into providing naked pics
florida man being chased by cops stops to shoot up heroin.
florida man chased by cops stops to shoot up heroin
florida man - the movie // observational documentary on violence, criminal justice, politics, philosophy, death via men in florida
florida man(afort) offers house as bail in mueller probe
florida man gets 25 years for yom kippur synagogue bomb plot
florida cannibal man just wants to be normal kid again
deputies: florida man spends birthday in jail after intentionally cutting the tails off of 5 kittens
florida man hacks the tails off of five kittens to get back at neighbor: "the suspect allegedly said he wanted the owner to "look at those cats and think of him.'"
florida man just wants to be normal kid again, not cannibal
florida man savagely beats classmate, changes name and goes into politics.
florida man arrested on incest charge
florida man and women, county commissioners, arrested for not fulfilling a public records request
florida man beats opponent with brass knuckles after losing game of dominoes
florida man accused of cutting tails off 5 kittens
florida man has child
florida man robocalls citizens: no more negative trump tweets, you've been warned
florida man accidentally shoots himself in road rage incident, ocso deputies say
in my geology course today we learned about the untimely demise of florida-man, rip
today in my geology course we learned about the untimely demise of florida man at the hands of his arch nemesis, rip
a florida man googled "how to rob a bank" moments before actually doing it!
florida man blames low blood sugar for highway shooting
florida man cuts of five kittens' tails to spite his neighbor.
florida man arrested for beating man at a motel 6 in idaho for taking too many shrimp.
florida man governor denies he used ice penis to hump mannequin
florida man consultant to governor scott denies he used ice penis to hump mannequin
florida man tries to cut into trump's motorcade, makes obscene gestures.
florida man sets woman s rv on fire for being a  hater 
florida man takes a liking to woman he sees at dollar store, stalks her for days
florida man chops down community's mango trees. i cannot tell a lie.
florida man is a patriot
self-proclaimed nazi florida man banned from speaking at university of north florida, but allowed to remain a student
budding, young florida man stopped at the canadian border as it turns out the police would like to talk to him about the body of grandmother found in a shallow grave.
florida man invests lottery winnings into rebuilding business community
florida man charged with second-degree murder; sword found at scene
florida man arrested in deadly sword attack
florida man now charged after violent rampage with three-foot sword
florida man kills man with sword. probably highlander.
florida man rapes entire football team and fan base, abandons everyone
florida man charged with second-degree murder; sword found at scene
florida man arrested in slaying during a tree-house robbery
florida man 2 shot in apparent road rage incident on florida's turnpike, suspect at large
florida man tries to break into car occupied by several deputies
florida man was creating weapon of mass destruction, police say
florida man petitions to remove ajit pai from office
florida man arrested in slaying during a tree-house robbery.
florida man tried to break into car filled with cops
florida man tries to break into car filled with cops
florida man gets 2 laptops for the price of 0
florida man intentionally causes crash to prove a point
florida man bites police officer during warrant hearing
florida man accused of burning american flags at marion church
florida man takes fight to save his treehouse to the us supreme court
florida woman (also the mayor) possibly drunk at town hall meeting, then her husband florida man shows up and threatens and curses at the vice mayor
florida man and florida woman - a florida couple - pleads guilty for beating restaurant owner over cold chicken, not enough fries
florida 911 operator describes ridiculous call from florida man
florida man fed up with troublesome intersection intentionally causes crash, deputies say
florida man shoots water tower
florida man designs genius disguise to rob banks and destroy economy .
florida man crashes car to prove intersection is dangerous
florida man crashes car to highlight dangerous intersection
florida man (men &amp; women) named 'drunkest city in florida'
florida man covered in facial tattoos arrested in car theft
florida man injects himself with untested gene therapy to fight hiv
white florida man says he now identifies as filipino
florida man intentionally crashes car to highlight dangerous intersection
florida man arrested for running prostitution ring from senior living facility
florida man uses stolen u-haul truck to steal strip club atm
florida man accused of drowning raccoon
florida man finds frog in his waffle house water
florida man makes his beer runs on a riding lawnmower.
florida man misunderstands mcgruff and takes a bite out of crimefighter
florida man crash lands plane on busy road
florida man fed up with troublesome intersection intentionally causes crash, deputies say
florida man climbs into bed with sleeping woman after multiple burglaries
nypd: florida man driver hits 2 women, surveys scene before fleeing in washington heights
florida man: officer, undaunted by reptiles, wrangles stranded 6 foot crocodile on beach as onlookers take pictures.
florida man doesn't meet the girl
florida man hate preacher: four-time drug felon, college drop-out, prayed his way through a machete attack only to be hospitalized for 6 months after he "choked on a swig of beer." now he's part of a florida university's culture.
florida man drowns trash panda
florida man submits magic the gathering decklist on a cake
florida man opens up a pet adoption center in a winn-dixie
it'll buff out" - florida man
at'll do" -florida man
florida man killed ex, her new boyfriend and her parents -- then left his son alone with their bodies
florida man tries to rape a dog. original post from r/toosoon
florida man being chased by police asks 911 to call donald trump
florida man gives a dog a bone
florida man accuses condo association of racism after being denied pet squirrel
florida man takes videos and selfies of himself recovering his stolen truck and beating up other florida man thief who tried to steal it.
florida man ex-firefighter charged with arson, theft in florida
florida man may have beach condo confiscated. videoed his unsuspecting airbnb guests. that's a felony don't ya know.
florida man proved he wasn't lying to a lake county sheriff's deputy this week by pooping and peeing in the back of the deputy's squad car.
florida man firefighter seduces child online; child is police.
florida man, and florida woman guilty of beating chicken restaurant owner and daughter over cold chicken
florida man braves brutal winter weather
florida man stomps on neighbor's roof
florida man leaves kids in his car while he goes to strip club
florida man uses an online ad for hoverboards to lure child sex victims
florida man tries to do the right thing but goes about it the wrong way
florida man in car chase asks to talk to trump
florida man not hungry after finding dead frog floating in his drink at waffle house.
florida man left 2 kids in car while at strip club
florida man shoots bb gun at pesky squirrels; puts nearby school on lockdown
florida man jameis winston grabbed a female uber driver s crotch
florida man sends elementary school into frenzy trying to shoot squirrels in his attic.
florida man throws girlfriend s shoe out of his truck to stop her from strangling him, police say
florida man left young kids in car while in strip club
florida man charged with blowing off dog's paw
florida man, high on k2, attacks friend for eating his pizza
florida man throws firecracker at dog, blows off paw
florida man says he shot crocodile for killing neighbors' pets
florida man fights eviction over 'emotional support squirrel'
florida man pleads guilty to threatening utah congressman | ksl.com
florida man customizes his truck.
florida man booby-trapped spongebob lunchbox with explosives, police say
florida man recklessly drives through crime scene to his front door where he is tased, faces suspended license charge (6th time) among others
florida man calls 911 while police chase him, asks for trump because "we made a deal"
florida man calls 911 during police chase, asks for donald trump
florida man founds megachurch and molests 4-year old.
florida man founds church, molests toddler.
florida man goes for a drive. seen in pasco county - someone at the fl dmv was either asleep or wonderfully naive
florida man high on meth climbs onto stranger's roof to howl
florida man is 'transracial'. was born white, identifies as filipino
florida man loses teaching license for texting student "your curves are spicy"
florida man arrested for running moonshine still on his property
after 8-hour standoff with police, florida man said he was shooting rats in his yard
florida man launches legal battle to live with emotional support squirrel named brutis
a florida man tries creating homemade wmd
florida man pries open steak 'n shake drive-thru window to rant about undercooked burger
florida man shoots up car -- the same car a 9-year-old boy hit with a stick, starting a spiraling incident
florida man is filipino, apparently
florida man gets fired after shooting first desk pop
peak florida man outfit at the dmv. blue jeans  improved  into a tactile denim kilt. and yes i said man.
florida man killed girlfriend's daughter as punishment for getting out of car seat
florida man high on meth climbs onto stranger's roof to howl, police say
florida man stabs friend over pizza
florida man charged with dui on a lawnmower
florida man arrested for making explosive devices, officials also say search of home finds man kept containers of bodily fluids.
florida man in 8-hour standoff says he was shooting at rats.
wtf florida man?
florida man fighting to keep emotional support squirrel
florida man celebrates 21st birthday by stealing ipad, police
florida man celebrates 21st birthday by stealing ipad, police say
transracial? florida man, born white, says he feels filipino
florida man takes lawn mower on freeway
drunk florida man arrested for driving lawn mower on highway
musical events by maylu florida man or florida women
police arrest drunk florida man for riding lawn mower on highway
florida man facing eviction for emotional support squirrel, but "can't imagine not being around her."
florida man fighting to keep pet squirrel
florida man drunk driving lawn mower on highway. shocking. shocking
florida man throws one to the birds
pinellas deputies: after 8-hour standoff, florida man says he was shooting at rats
florida man accused of riding lawn mower while drunk
who else but florida man?
florida man, dad stops attempted kidnapping of daughter
florida man bursts into florida woman s home, tries on her clothes, rolls around in yard.
police: naked florida man bursts into florida woman s home, tries on her clothes, rolls around in yard.
florida man murders ex-girlfriend, her mother, and two young children
florida man claims he is jesus, flashes passerby
florida man runs through woman's home naked and tries on her clothing
florida man charged with hit-and-run - on a sailboat
naked florida man breaks into home, looks to change up his wardrobe.
florida man crashes car into hotel, patrol car when denied a room
florida woman, as maid of honor, almost hits best man with his own car while drunk
florida man and florida woman shoot themselves to fake insurance claim
just your typical florida man trying to feed dogs meats with fish hooks
no  karate kid': police critique florida man public urination suspect's kicking form
florida man uses snapper mower for beer run, dui charges follow.
florida man arrested for dui while driving lawn mower in port st. lucie
florida man passing through tennessee
florida man has been busy, 6 of the 25 most deadly highways (calculated by deaths per mile) in the united states are in florida
florida man crashes through port checkpoint, jumps in water
cunning florida man paddles surfboard into atlantic ocean in bid to escape deputies
florida man female um fan takes right hook from miami-dade officer
florida man beats  american idol  hopeful with he
florida man beats  american idol  hopeful with her guitar
florida man possibly practicing parkour falls three stories
florida man pulls a jason bourne and escapes the clutches of airport security via the baggage carousel!!
florida man sneaks onto luggage carousel, tarmac at miami airport.
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/10/16/558147669/florida-man-awarded-37-500-after-cops-mistake-glazed-doughnut-crumbs-for-meth
drunk florida woman knocked out cold by florida man, after she slaps him
florida man beats man with ps4
florida man named donald changes middle name to trump
florida man named donald changes middle name to 'trump'
florida man offers salvation tips!
florida man claims corpse is blow-up doll made with human flesh
florida man stole 160k in gold coins from elderly couple, police say
florida man with 'my little pony' fetish charged with child porn
florida man runs out of gas over orlando, lands on i-4.
florida man runs out of gas flying over orlando, lands on i-4 during friday rush hour
florida man allegedly throws gator into wendy s drive-thur
florida man accused of running over friend in parking garage
florida man lands plane on i-4 during rush hour traffic
florida man accused of running over friend in parking garage
florida man fired from fire department for drawing penis on picture of co-worker's wife
florida man found walking around in underwear tells officers he's lost and starts yelling and using profanities
florida man threatens girlfriend with machete over sex
florida man saves trapped turtle using cpr
florida man is accused of beating up his ex-girlfriend, and his mom is accused of joining in the fight
florida man with last name of frankenstein born on halloween.
florida man charged with murdering girlfriend, setting her body on fire on i-75
florida man with one leg, obsessed with explosives named mascot of local sports team
florida man begins construction on guitar shaped hotel because florida
florida man runs over a bunch of people in nyc
florida man tries to tell cop his mutilated girlfriend is a blow-up doll made with real flesh during traffic stop.
a florida man disembowels his girlfriend, then tells police she's a blow-up doll with human flesh
florida man disembowels girlfriend, tells police she's a blow-up doll with human flesh
florida man throws punches over lawn mower
florida man shoots off and eats his own genitals in the name of god, goes on quest to find someone willing to sacrifice him, turns down offer to eat him afterwards
florida man takes gun to orlando airport to kill his wife.
florida man captures endangered species of deer, puts it in the trunk of his car
florida man wins halloween
florida man says girlfriend's body, found in closet, is blow-up doll made of flesh
just in time for halloween...florida man claims corpse found in closet is blow-up doll made with human flesh
florida man claims corpse is blow-up doll made with human flesh, police say
florida man busted for getting his knob polished by tennessee cougar on delta flight
florida man and his flesh doll
florida man drinks his own piss to get off on camera.
florida man chases bear out of his house, puts conference call on hold
florida man scares bear out of garage
florida man tells cops mutilated corpse is just a sex doll    made of flesh 
person who crashed truck into bikers in nyc is a florida man
person who crashed pickup truck in nyc is a florida man
attacker in nyc who killed 8 people was a florida man
florida man drives drunk into cyclists/pedestrians near world trade center in new york. shouts allahu akbar after brandishing imitation firearms and gets shot.
reminder: /r/floridaman is a place for humorous content
florida man beats, stabs 11 year old because kid talked in his sleep and kept him up.
florida man punches other florida man in an argument about beer in the parking lot of a popeye's
florida man punches other florida man to death over beer in a popeye's parking lot
florida man shoots at imagined intruders, arrested
florida man dies after suv crashes into orlando building, bursts into flames
florida man gets naked at a lowe's, claims to be jesus christ
paul manafort, florida man, indicted
florida man says girlfriend s mutilated body with missing organs is blow-up doll with human flesh
florida man doesn't realize he's the asshole
florida man (kyle fort of stuart, fl) doesn't know he's the asshole cont.
florida man was a cop, drives patrol vehicle into ex wife's house.
florida man gets hit with octopus during the national anthem
florida man accused of slapping police horse
peacocks pit florida man against florida man
florida man frankenstein and his bride.
florida man run over by own truck during road rage
florida man strangles wife with underwear
florida man arrested after bodies found in recliner, backyard
florida man invents testicle holder so his sack doesn't dip into toilet water
florida man dies after punch to face in popeye's parking lot police say suspect, victim were in fight over beer
florida man mayor tells police to bring him the head of a killer
florida man refuses to unclench his heroin-hiding buttocks
florida man gripes he can't sell heroin 'no more' after arrest
st. petersburg mayoral candidate rick baker (a florida man) might have accidentally teased a political hip-hop and r&amp;b album
florida man claiming to be jesus flashes lowe's customer, police say.
florida man bitten by his pit bull after telling it to attack police
florida man pumps sewage into water supply.
florida man mayor tells police to bring him killer's head
florida man attorney arrested for passing cologne-soaked business cards to female inmates so they could have the smell of a man in their cell
florida man/woman ensures florida is a child marriage hot spot
coming october 28th: florida man sets up his own "pill take back site".
52 year old florida woman allegedly beat up 87-year-old florida man boyfriend over cheating
florida man deputy rams police cruiser into ex-wife s home
florida man killed in fight over beer outside popeye s
cokehead florida man arrested for spanking police horse
florida man cop arrested for stealing from home of deceased man
florida man judge pulls a .38-caliber revolver on unruly handcuffed defendant &amp; utters to him "there's one bullet in the cylinder. do you want to take your best shot? if you're going to take a shot, you had better score, because i don't miss."
florida man captures traveler going on tirade at miami international
florida man wearing scuba mask uses knife to rob speedway
florida man as a halloween costume? oh, florida..
florida man (teacher) accused of giving 17-year-old student std
florida man rapes neighbor, asks to do yardwork to make up for it
florida man demands deputies chauffeur him to his home 70 miles away.
florida man arrested for interspecies erotica.
florida man wants you to help him find his gigantic missing lizard
florida man steals pet bird, attacks mom, 2 sons, burns down mobile home
florida man has sex with anaconda snake and dies
florida man dons deft disguise to rob store. his cunning stunt came undone by a silent alarm and the fact that wearing that scuba mask made him quite conspicuous to the police.
cokehead florida man arrested for spanking horse
florida man -- a teacher -- fired after throwing x-rated surprise party for a former student.
florida man seen in surveillance video considered suspect in possible serial killer investigation
florida man and woman receive marijuana in amazon order
florida man is exactly as i imagined
florida man busted by ex-girlfriend for alligator poaching
florida man sings to cops who want to arrest him. no word on what he was singing.
florida man fired for throwing surprise party for class featuring a sexually explicit film and phallic party-favors.
florida man with cocaine arrested after slapping orlando police horse, cops say
florida man made an appearance in my geography lecture today
attorney for florida man convicted of tax fraud argues his client ought not serve time in prison because he's too fat.
threesus if florida man
florida man with guns, school maps and explosives in home being held for mental evaluation
florida man commuting priorities
florida man said he killed wife by karate-chopping her in neck.
florida man busted in sting  operation no tricks, no treats 
florida man uses fishing line to steal change from car washes
florida man on meth charges at family with metal pole, claims deputies have implant in his brain
florida man teacher fired for throwing a dildo themed party at school
florida man arrested for trafficking tyga's tiger
city of orlando pays out $37,500 to florida man arrested for donut glaze mistaken for meth
florida man uses rick flair leg lock to capture 17  python in everglades
florida man befriends white supremacist during richard spencer protest at uf
florida man on golf course gets attacked by alligator
florida man searched for child porn. instead they find guns,bombs, and maps of local schools.
x florida man [ex-uf qb] loses teaching license after asking 15-year-old girl to touch his genitals
florida man teacher fired after throwing x-rated party
florida man hospital employee steals $1900 gold necklace off of dead patient.
florida/texas man slits victims throat "for the taste"
florida man slits victims throat "for the taste"
florida man in uniform accused of stealing dead man s pain medicine
florida man is a world sensation
florida man steals dying pedestrians wallet.
florida man uses dad's patrol car to pull over his ex
florida man kills friend for  trying to pick up  his imaginary girlfriend.
florida man arrested with wires attached to genitals
florida man charged for shooting two men and hitting their mother with a shovel, then setting their house on fire
florida man time traveller travels back from 2048 to warn us about alien invasion in 2018
police called to referee fight between florida man and his florida woman sisters over toilet paper
florida man rocks out with a blazing triangle solo during orchestra performance
florida man named 'cabbage' gets arrested for selling soap to an undercover detective
florida man rapes neighbor, offers to do yard work to make amends.
florida man kills family friend over imaginary girlfriend
florida man stabs ex-girlfriends snake
florida man says his second wife didn t kill his first in killer clown case
florida man arrested for vandalizing a bulldozer after he left his wallet behind, claims to have no memory of the incident.
florida man is actually missing airman who disappeared in 1977.
florida man pulls off the legendary blue angel.
florida man dresses as a clown to scare people on friday the 13th, gets beat down from an 11 year old with a selfie stick.
florida man (named reams), does nude photo shoot in judge's chambers, gets arrested.
the ballad of florida man, florida man teaser trailer now on youtube!
florida man and his buddies robbed a bank wearing freaky masks
florida man punches police officer while shouting "i am god"
florida man , harassed by the fbi and homeland security
florida man arrested after krispy kreme donut crumbs mistaken by police for meth
florida man arrests 'suspicious' iguana at restaurant
florida (wo)man running for congress said she encountered aliens that reminded her of 'christ the redeemer' statue
florida man declares state of emergency before richard spencer speech
florida man throws alligator into wendy's
florida man awarded $37.5k after police mistook doughnut glaze for meth
florida man steals father's unmarked police car and robs ex-girlfriend and new boyfriend in 'traffic stop'
florida man kills family friend for hitting on imaginary girlfriend
florida man floats, too! dude dressed as clown fought off with selfie stick says volusia county kid.
florida man dressed as clown tries to grab boy, is beaten with selfie stick
florida man is too fat for prison
florida man, a cop in uniform, shoots ex-girlfriend in the back as she walks dog
florida man arrested after cops mistook his krispy kreme doughnut glaze for meth files $15g suit
florida man with imaginary girlfriend goes on shooting spree after people 'hit on her'
florida man arrested after police mistook krispy kreme glaze for meth receives $37,500
florida man, a politician claims she was abducted by aliens in a spaceship and runs for congress.
florida man says edible marijuana gave him strength to withstand flight attendant smashing wine bottles over his head
florida man, politician says she was abducted by aliens on their space ship and is running for congress.
florida man declares state of emergency before white nationalist's speech
florida man arrested for doughnut glaze gets really sweet settlement from city
florida man fired from job as deputy after flexing his pecs and inviting a criminal home
florida man takes daughter to wal-mart
florida man tries, fails to jump canal in toyota corolla
evil florida man breaks 17-month-old's ribs, crushes his skull before robbing child's mother
florida man (former orlando city b soccer player) attacked cabdriver over $57 fare, deputies say
florida man awarded $37,500 after cops mistake glazed doughnut crumbs for meth
florida man kindly offers to do yard work for neighbor after raping them to "make up for it"
florida man suffers 3rd-degree burns after losing bet on packers-cowboys
florida man shoots, kills mom s friend for making a move on his imaginary girlfriend
florida man busted after bizarre hurricane irma 3-way sex romp ends in gory slaying, body stuffed in closet
florida man kills another for hitting on imaginary girlfriend, is shot dead by police
florida man gets chased by an vicious big black duck, retreats while duck charges to another florida man.
florida man hit 6 cars after dropping grandmother off at food for florida; family members say he doesn't have driver's license
florida man becomes doctor - florida mans it
florida man arrested for donut glaze police assumed to be heroin
florida man breaks into burger king
florida man steals bible, claims he made it. from scratch.
florida man sets himself on fire after losing bet on nfl game
florida man arrested for 8 car burglaries, caught by his own trail of blood.
florida man shoots mother's friend for hitting on his imaginary girlfriend.
florida man shoots, kills mom s friend for making a move on his imaginary girlfriend
florida man shoots man for hitting on his imaginary girlfriend, both men die.
florida man stops a nonprofit organization from being able to take handicap people water skiing.
florida man suffocated women with his giant penis (x-post from r/dankmemes )
florida man suffocated gf with his giant penis! (x-post from r/dankmemes )
florida man shoots and kills mother's friend for hitting on his imaginary girlfriend
florida man kills another man for hitting on his imaginary girlfriend
florida man holds up gas station with cattle prong
florida man banned from campus for repeatedly masturbating in library
florida man allegedly leaves child in hot car then asks cops 'what's the big deal?'
florida man convicted of child porn reads letter to his 3 year old victim
florida man shoots out tires on at&amp;t work trucks.
florida man in custody after masturbating at panera bread
florida man set cars on fire to 'amuse himself': police
florida man charged with masturbating in car dealership customer-waiting area due to "sudden urge"
florida man sets himself on fire after cowboys loss to packers
florida man bags big gators
florida man, age 50, arrested for impregnating 13 year old girl
florida man punched flight attendants because of weed edibles, he claims
florida man tries to jump 20 foot canal with his car.
florida man says people who died in nursing home with no power after hurricane were going to die anyways because they were old
florida man has a truck
police: florida man punches officer after shouting 'i am god'
54 year old florida man arrested after a 14 year old gives birth to his daughter
florida man arrested for setting cars on fire "to amuse himself"
florida man googles 'how to rob a bank,' then does exactly what you'd think he would do
new way for accurate results test, usb stick hiv test for florida man
florida man needed money googled "how to rob a bank?"
florida man indicted after brawl on plane
deputies: florida man googled 'how to rob a bank' then robbed a bank
florida man with some surprising talent
florida man who's gf died while giving his massive penis a blow job, is cleared of charges
i created an alexa skill to help you get your florida man fix.
florida (wo)man gets drunk at disney, video tapes cops, acts belligerent and gets permanently banned from disney properties
florida man accused of raping neighbor, offering yard work to make amends
florida man sets himself on after losing bet w/ wife
florida man doctor assaults daughter of patient who complained then steals her phone.
report: [florida man] falls short in bid to jump car over canal
florida man googled 'how to rob a bank,' robbed bank: deputies
florida man says he hid a camera over a bed in his airb&amp;b rental in a smoke detector "to give him a better angle" to record sex parties
florida man says hidden cameras in his airbnb were for sex parties, not spying
florida man mistakes his toyota corolla for the gen. lee in failed attempt to jump canal to evade cops.
florida man uncovers bizarrely specific plot in sweden and discovers 80% of "child migrants" are actually over 20, gets sued by the state for revealing this.
in today's adventures of florida man!
florida man after burglary arrest: naruto taught me to be a ninja.
florida man accused of sexually abusing 2-year-old toddler in a chik-fil-a bathroom
florida man accused of sexually abusing a 2-year-old toddler in a chick-fil-a bathroom
florida man vacations in kansas; attacks people with fire extinguisher
florida man arrested for alleged sexual assault of a toddler in chick-fil-a restroom
florida man spends his free time cursing in a taco bell parking lot with another florida man.
florida man collects 13,000 princess diana items
florida man outed as coke-snorting cheat!
has florida man jumped the shark?
florida man attempts to jump canal in his corolla, rather than drive two blocks out of his way
florida man sets himself on fire after cowboys lose to packers, deputies say. best part is i live in florida, born in raised in wi. go pack go!
florida man, florida man (now dead), and florida man (on the run) engage in group sex during hurricane irma, end with decomposing body and a new florida story.
florida man video taped airbnb guests
florida man suffers burns putting on flaming jersey
florida man sets himself on fire after losing cowboys-packers bet to his wif
florida man sets himself on fire after losing cowboys-packers bet to his wife
florida man sets himself on fire after cowboys lose to packers
florida man charged with raping 8-year-old girl blames her 'provocative' clothing
florida man says 'i am god', punches officer in head
florida man says hidden cameras in his airbnb were for sex parties, not spying.
florida man has bloody mugshot after being beaten for molesting girl
florida man sicks pit bull on cops trying to arrest his wife; cops shoot and kill dog
florida man burns cowboys jersey post loss....while wearing jersey
florida man attempts to bribe police with donuts if they let him go
florida man defeated by archnemesis, lawn mower
just in: florida man accused of breaking 3-month-old girl s leg
florida man quits job after doing drugs at work while professing love for las vegas escort
florida man caught recording a video of himself snorting cocaine and confessing his love for a stripper at work.
florida man with a poor choice of words for an airport.
typical florida man letting snake bite her kids
florida man tries to put on flaming football jersey; results are as one would expect
florida man loses a bet
florida man ascends to godhood by beating a viking in melee
florida man attacks people with fire extinguisher
florida man eats breakfast.  
florida man arrested at breakfast table
florida man upgrades his man cave
florida man drops pants and sodomizes flamingo to death (found on ifunny no article just picture)
nsfw nsfl florida man arreted for raping babies at chick-fil-a
florida man sexually assaults 2-year-old in chick-fil-a bathroom
florida man arrested over parody account that allegedly hurt police department's 'brand'
florida man rapes baby in chick fil a bathroon
450-lb florida man arrested for hiding weed in rolls of fat
damn you florida man!
florida man, day care worker in wheelchair allegedly caught raping baby in florida chick-fil-a bathroom
florida man loves the pink
florida man drops down pants and sodomizes pink flamingo to death
this florida man daycare worker was caught raping a toddler in a chick-fil-a bathroom
florida man rapes baby in chick fil a bathroom
florida man gets caught raping a toddler in a chick-fil-a bathroom
roses are red, try holding your breath, florida man sodomizes flamingo to death.
florida man  gave away  public hospital radiation business for treating cancer patients, costing the troubled public hospital system an estimated $100 million a year in revenue
florida man has over 30 license suspensions and counting
florida man shot by other florida man after argument over parking
florida man told airport worker bag needed to be checked 'before it explodes,' police say
naked, drunk florida man was curious if guns worked and decided to fire them in air, cops say
florida man arrested after deadly hurricane irma threesome
http://www.nbc-2.com/story/36527609/naked-gun-police-say-nude-drunk-florida-man-fired-weapons-keys-monroe-county
florida man takes out craigslist ad, seeing 'young girl'; authorities arrest him
florida man and woman convinced of home invasion; authorities say it's drug-induced hallucination
florida man says 'greed' kept him selling drugs while police watched
florida man found dead and decomposing in closet following gay m nage a trois as hurricane irma approached
florida man allegedly forced girlfriend s toddler to eat feces while potty training
florida man attempts to buy dunkin' donuts with drugs.
florida man fatally shoots 22-year-old son while cleaning weapon after visit to gun range
florida man uses free time to clean and restore gravestones to honor veterans
bicycle-riding florida man offers to chop off joggers' heads.
florida man turns his life around by cleaning and restoring the graves of veterans
florida man turns his life around by cleaning the graves of veterans in his free time
naked, drunk florida man arrested for firing guns in air
naked gun: police say nude, drunk florida man fired weapons
florida man drunkenly shoots at his neighbors, then falls over.
naked &amp; drunk florida man senior citizen fires gun in air; couldn't explain why
nude, drunk, senior citizen florida man arrested for shooting gun in air to "make sure it worked"
all the florida man stories you can handle.
florida man says murderer-brother moved out-of-state to do video poker and be less humid
florida man who has already served two years for botched and illegal plastic surgeries is headed back to jail over unlicensed butt implants and penis enlargements
florida man threatens to kill  fake feds 
fire ants attack 85-year-old florida man; causes rollover accident in suv
florida man allows agents to search home; they find $300,000, drugs, guns
florida man on trial for murder says 'allahu akbar' in courtroom
florida man longs for orwellian future.
las vegas shooter, stephen paddock, was recently a florida man
florida man wants his parole transferred to florida, so his lawyer called the attorney general a 'stupid b----'
florida man texts police officer asking if he wants to buy weed
florida man moves to nevada. murders 58 people.
florida man and florida woman: killjoy cop ruins randy florida couple's x-rated 3 am public sex...
florida man threatens youths with air rifle, claims he 'runs street'
police: florida man threatens youths with air rifle, claims he 'runs street'
florida man shoots 17-year-old family member in argument over trump, situation in puerto rico
florida man makes 911 call to threaten judge, volusia county deputies say
florida man uses urn with girlfriends dead mom s ashes is a weapon.
after arguing about trump and puerto rico, florida man shoots step-daughter
fire-ant attack leads florida man to overturn car
florida man sodomizes skittles the pink flamingo in front of crying children
to get a seat, florida man threatens red lobster: 'i work for the taliban, and i have a bomb in this bag'
florida man surfer loses prosthetic eye
florida man, former head of the florida house page program, convicted of trying to entice 14-year-old girl. florida man now looks forward to state-provided housing arrangement for at least the next ten years.
florida man has run in with bears while escaping hurricane
neo-nazi group leader florida man pleads guilty to explosives charges after bomb-making materials found at his tampa home during a murder investigation involving two slain roommates
florida man loses prosthetic eyeball in the surf of daytona beach
florida man parked too close to another's jeep so he was killed in a shootout at the local swimmin' hole, but not before he shot florida woman.
florida man is attacked by shark that won't let go and has to be killed
florida man wields machete, makes off with $17 worth of potato chips
florida man organizes nfl merchandise burning party at his restaurant
florida man gets bit by a shark in the stomach, shark latches on
florida man and florida woman get back at their kids by constantly farting in the car.
florida man arrested after impersonating cop while driving drunk, police say
florida man arrested after posing for picture on deputy s car
florida man offers cash bribes to politicians during public meeting
florida man told police that "his hands contain energy that can turn a girl into a woman"
florida man walks into red lobster and says he is with the taliban and has a bomb.
florida man walks into a red lobster and claims he has a bomb, also claims to be taliban, doesn't actually have a bomb
florida man opens fire after mistaking blown transformers for gunshots
florida man politician waves gun at reporters
florida man texts the wrong number &amp; accidentally sets up to sell marijuana to a police officer.
florida man forced to flee
florida man assaulted with poultry
florida man mis-texts police officer offering to sell "bud" then gets arrested.
florida man arrested after standing on top of polk county patrol car with middle fingers up, posting photo online
florida man strapped child to sex swing, used sex toys on victim
florida man paraglider slams into power lines, knocks out electricity to neighborhood
florida man has affair with his florida mother in law
oldest captive florida man atee, remembered by hundreds at emotional service
florida man accused of injecting cocaine into patient s iv at hospital
florida man crashes small homemade helicopter into house
florida man crashes homemade helicopter into house
florida man charged with impersonating deputy, stealing patrol car
florida man robs bank, makes stop at kfc
florida man stuffs over $1,000 in rectum in failed attempt to hide it from deputies
florida man crashes homemade helicopter into house.
florida man arrested with loaded gun, heroin, face tattoos at youth football game
upset with wait, florida man hit hospital staffer with tv remote
florida man likes to tickle old people
florida man with machete charged after chase over chips
machete wielding florida man steals a carton of chips. led police in chase onto old landing strip. rams four police cars in the process.
florida man gets his head stuck in wife's vagina
florida man crashes his homemade helicopter into a house
florida man caught drifting his scion in publix parking lot arrested, cocaine found
florida man lies about stolen plate to get out of redlight tickets, then gets pulled over and cries racism
florida man cruises the streets in customized radio flyer hot rod
florida man shoots and kills good samaritan standing up for an elderly man
deputies: florida man poured scalding water over 2-year-old
florida man gets busted for public urination outside white house, authorities find 9 guns in his car
florida man threatens wife, friends with a gun for failing him during arrest
florida woman left child in non-running car to beat up man, deputies say
florida man, 8 of his college football-playing buddies facing felony fraud charges
florida man gets head stuck in wife's vagina.
florida man hides more than $1,000 in cash in his buttocks, cops say. it doesn t work.
florida man/woman rob a gamestop after hurricane irma
florida man accused of signing gibberish during irma news conference
florida man goes from neo-nazi, to islamic, to killing neo-nazi for not respecting islam.
florida man robs bank, goes to kfc with bag of money
florida man claims he is the devil... world ending
florida man asks police to punch him "i deserve it"
florida man arrested for driving into person who set bananas on his car
florida man knocks out child's teeth, officer declares self defense
florida man knocks out a 12 year old's teeth, declared self defense by florida cop
florida man calls 12-year-old boy the n-word, punches out his teeth; is not arrested
florida man breaks into key largo home to nap, swims away from deputies
florida man, who teaches elementary school, caught with meth
florida man fleeing hurricane irma arrested for gross lewdness with sex toy
florida man and his neighbour, watch volunteers both, pull guns on lost uber driver
florida man masturbates on woman when delivering her food
story #4: florida man snipers doughnut shop with pellet gun
florida man says "gimme a dollar or i'm dropping my drawers!"
store owner may be charged for shooting when florida man stole beer
florida man sees 9-foot python eat his cat
florida man &amp; florida woman arrested for snatch &amp; run with puppy
florida man takes nap in key largo home, swims away from deputies
florida man and store owner fires warning shot, gets stolen beer back
florida man is prepared
florida man take me by the hand lead me to the land that you understand
florida man, 70, charged after machete fight in parking lot
florida man accused of killing twin brother's romantic rival
florida man lawmaker, who's trying to declare porn a public health crisis, "likes" twitter porn
florida man in women's restroom robbed of phone he was charging
florida man being chased by police stops to pet cats, gets arrested.
florida man allegedly fatally shot his twin brother s romantic rival
florida man hides more than $1,000 in cash in his butt. tywin isn't the only one who shits gold.
florida man not the best teacher.
florida man eats entire daycare while masturbating.
florida man arrested for bacon snatching at the waffle house
florida man tries to ko florida woman 66.
florida man prisoner leaps from transport bus on florida's turnpike, dies in escape attempt
florida man arrested for looting $300 worth of alcohol during hurricane irma
florida man calls 911 for ambulance transport to er ... from the er he was in being disruptive.
florida man is a bacon snatcher
florida man, woman arrested for stealing downed power lines
rattlesnake bites florida man who tries to kiss it
70-year-old florida man slashed a man's face with a machete while fighting for a parking space.
florida man gets emotional discussing his game!
florida man arrested for attempting to steal a lightpole
florida man does belly flop in kiddie pool full of mayonnaise
florida woman punches florida man for interrupting her alone time, is arrested
florida man hulk hogan calls irma victims  crybabies  for lamenting loss of power, water
washed out pro wrestler florida man calls irma victims without water, power 'crybabies'
florida man did an admirable job serving as a sign language interpreter for irma press conference ... except for the fact that he really didn't know sign language.
florida woman hit man who did not want to have sex with her
florida man porsche catches on fire after carrying gas can in front seat and lit a cigarette.
florida prison guards won't be charged for 'boiling schizophrenic man to death'
florida man leaves toddler outside during hurricane irma, admitted to having several drinks while watching his daughter
florida man and florida man accused of trying to steal entire utility pole after hurricane irma (the bot would not allow the use of 'men.')
pd: florida man in mass. arrested with sex soliciting 'kit'
florida man, a facebook friend, posts this inspirational picture on facebook.
florida man and hero cop's face went viral because of his good looks during hurricane irma. and now his facebook is going viral because of rampant racism.
the hitler way : florida man cop from viral selfie under investigation after anti-semitic post
new york post florida man 'hot cop' probed for anti-semitic remarks, joking about hitler
florida man believes if you're driving too slow to suit him, you deserve a smashing. 'she was driving too slow' was how florida man put it upon his arrest.
florida man arrested for attempting to steal generator during irma
indictment: florida man found with 17 kilos of cocaine, $192k in monroeville
florida man and another florida man arrested for trying to steal power pole
florida man who went viral for being 'hot' cop now faces complaint
florida man tries to outrun hurricane in shrimp boat, has to be rescued by carnival cruise ship
florida man in atlanta to escape irma, drives into hotel swimming pool
florida man is a "hot cop"
florida man arrested when cops mistake donut glaze for meth
florida man with load of drugs in pants says trousers were borrowed
florida man rapper's response to abuse allegations: everybody that called me a domestic abuser, i m finna domestically abuse y all little sister pussy from the back. 
florida man caught steeling a jea pole
florida man caught stealing a jea pole
ax-wielding florida man attacks fellow florida man who granted him shelter during storm
shirtless florida man handcuffed after caught with light pole on top of his kia
florida man (men) steals jea pole in aftermath of irma
florida man on house boat before irma.
florida man (men) steals power pole in aftermath of irma
florida man drives can-am right into swimming pool without even spilling his beer
florida man caught with stolen power pole on suv
florida man x2........
florida man of jacksonville in the wake of irma
florida man finds way to wakeboard, despite beach closures
florida man rides irma's waves on a rocket pop pool raft
florida man helps rally rescue of manatees stranded by hurricane irma
florida man who headbanged during hurricane matthew ups his game
updated: my (florida man) dad has sent an update. this is when the eye of irma was near ft myers
florida sherif tells florida man not to shoot at hurricane irma
florida man keeps himself entertained amidst cities destruction
florida man who gave generator to stranger down on her luck gets a free one
florida man joins hurricane relief team, rescues manatees.
florida [defensive line]man facemasks runner, body slams him, starts fight, gets ejected
florida (defensive line) man facemasks runner, body slams him, starts fight, is ejected
florida man facemasks runner, body slams him, starts fight, is ejected from championship game
florida man] napleton infiniti dealership parked their inventory inside fsu garages after fsu opened their garages for emergency parking
florida man (men?) shoot at hurricane irma!
florida man encourages others to shoot at hurricane irma
florida man shoot at hurricane post 200/999
florida man cleans up during hurricane irma
florida man confronts hurricane irma head on. (2017, colorized)
florida man stays cool through hurricane irma
rookie reporter takes on florida man
florida man has message for irma reporters
florida man has urgent message amidst hurricane irma
florida keys man explains why he's not evacuating for irma
florida man explains why he's not evacuating for irma
florida man strikes during hurricane irma
florida man sheriff reminds you not to shoot at a storm.
florida man currently passed out in a bar on live webcam in key west as irma approaches
florida man kite surfs hurricane irma
florida man prepares for hurricane irma (cnn)
florida man runs by cnn news crew reporting on irma yelling "fuck her right in the pussy"
florida man will save us
florida man reports from miami.
the death of florida man
florida man reminded not to call 9-1-1 because the power goes out.
sheriff warns florida man not to shoot at hurricane irma
florida man sets up event to shoot into hurricane, 52000 interested
florida man met his wife during matthew, got married during irma
florida man uses his parents $3,000 patio furniture to hurricane-proof his car
florida man in car live streams marco island where direct hit is predicted
florida man goes for a shirtless ride through irma.
florida man surprises wife after she jokingly lets him park car inside house during irma
a rare photo of florida man actually preparing for hurricane irma
florida man stands in the middle of hurricane irma
florida man rides with pussies
florida man thinks a hurricane is the perfect chance for burglarizing homes
florida man and woman warned that hurricanes are immune to bullets.
florida man ties down home. suck it irma!
florida man volunteers his services during irma
florida man streaming hurricane
florida man saves water by cleaning car during hurricane
florida man warns people not to shoot at hurricane
florida man who shot at hurricane irma dies after bullet ricochets
florida man block party
florida man looters busted; one shot
florida man stays in parking garage instead of hurricane shelter because the shelter will smell of "avon and armpits".
florida man sheriff tweets warnings against shooting at 400 mile hurricane irma
my (florida man) dad has been sending me weather reports from sarasota, fl, in the path of hurricane irma. here's his first from earlier today. several more to follow.
florida man interprets emergency presser but doesn't know sign language
a florida man had his parents travel from india to help him beat his wife, police say
florida man had his parents travel from india to help him beat his wife
florida man, sheriff, offers warning to other florida men: 'do not shoot at hurricane'
florida man warned to not fire guns at hurricane irma
please, florida man..
florida man puts energy into the decreasement of severe weather across the nation
florida man in urgent need of supplies makes request known on snapchat.
florida man says he'll ride out hurricane in his boat
florida man in desperate need of hurricane supplies makes it known via snapchat.
florida man how does googles sos alert for hurricane irma, become the best? find out
florida man drop kicks gator after getting bitten while swimming
florida man requires all homeless go to shelter, or locked in mental institution.
florida man steals dollar bill from key west bar hours before hurricane irma.
florida man seeks threesome to 'ride out the hericane'
florida man: hurricane irma
me being florida man irl for irma
florida man flies directly into hurricane
florida man ties self to pole in miami for duration of hurricane irma
florida man gets a great shot of the storm surge in key west as hurricane irma approaches.
florida man decides to take a picture of hurricane irma's waves
florida man takes selfies at the southernmost point during a hurricane.
florida man decides not to evacuate and gets nailed by wave.
florida man learns about the severity of hurricane
florida man and friends in the keys decide to meet irma head on (9/9 @2:12pm)
florida man spotted preparing for hurricane irma.
florida man sign language interpreter steals the show at governor scott irma news conference
watching a feed a key west, when suddenly, florida man (and wife)
florida man, who suggested shooting guns at hurricane irma out of "stress and boredom", has found that his idea has captured peoples' imaginations - with over 46,000 signing up to join in
florida man in the keys refusing to leave his boats
safety first, florida man!
florida man urged not to shoot guns into hurricane irma.
save this florida man! sleeping in a hurricane in the keys, near police lights, the madman!
florida man attempts to ride out hurricane irma by curling up in the streets of key west. (live feed)
florida man talks homeless man into following him to safety
florida man challenges irma
florida man is suited up for battle, and coordinating his hurricane irene "master plan"
florida man tries to conceal $1,000 cash in rectum, deputies say
florida man not going to let hurricane irma ruin his daughters wedding.
florida man, who is the secretary for the county gop, is uncovered to be an attemped murderer
florida man pulls gun on motorist at gas station
florida man pulls gun on motorist at gas station before hurricane irma hits
florida man pulls gun on motorist.
florida man skateboards against hurricane evacuation traffic
florida man says hurricane irma price gougers aren't greedy, they're heroes.
ramon santiago, the florida man who gave up his generator was given one of his own!
florida man manifesto
florida man prepped for irma
as cat4 irma is about to hit us, florida man will surely use it as cover for a crime
florida man encourages gun owners to shoot at category 4 hurricane
florida man told 'you can party later' chooses to party now. "we're ready to rock and roll!!!"
florida man refuses to resign as gop secretary after colleagues discover he once attempted to murder a high school girl with a claw hammer
florida man blown by away by internet response to his plan to push hurricane irma off using fans
florida man is about to get fu@cked (weather channel)
florida man mocks gays and hurricane victims
cops: florida man threatens parents in school pick-up line with rifle
florida man claims that hurricane irma is 'fake news'
florida man gives generator he planned to purchase to fellow shopper who needed one to care for her sick father during/after hurricane irma after the store sold its last unit.
florida man decide not to follow hurricane irma evacuation order: "i'm not going anywhere. i'll be in a raft holding up a white towel, so the helicopter come pick me up, so i'll be fine"
florida man points gun at fellow motorist at miami gas station
florida man loses toddler he's taking care of. however, he did manage to make a primo fantasy football selection.
florida man and woman)... had four loko-fueled sex on beach near families, cops say"
florida man stuck in texas during hurricane harvey now braces for hurricane irma
florida man and wife had four loko-fueled sex on beach near families, cops say - fox news
florida man has parents fly from india to florida to beat his wife for being "disobedient"
florida man 'had parents fly from india to help him beat his disobedient wife'
florida man tells evacuees seeking shelter from hurricane irma that they will be escorted to jail if they have a warrant
florida man cannot read or speak publicly elected gov.
florida man sets up a fb event
florida man comcast opens free wifi hotspots across florida
florida man who stabbed his aunt hangs himself in jail
son of the sun' florida man is entitled to cinnamon buns and soda
florida man performed a sex act on a female companion  in the middle of families  gathered on a clearwater beach sunday afternoon, not charged with public indecency
florida man loses toddler as he drafts fantasy football team on phone, cops say     baby girl found in street
florida delivery man hit by police car   and then arrested
florida man on delivery route for jimmy john's struck by unmarked police car   then arrested and jailed for twelve hours
florida man shoots rabid fox after unsuccessfully attempting to kill with his iphone.
florida man declares state of emegency over hurricane irma
florida man does fatal damage to oversized tarpon as florida wife cheers him on.
florida man stickers don't disappoint
florida man drives to hospital with knife in back; woman charged
florida man thinks cops are 'bluffing' when they threaten to send in k-9, gets locked in closet with said k-9 and goes to hospital
florida man enlists parents help to beat his wife
florida man steals $250k stamp collection because florida woman was "mean to him"
florida man modify family van into a mercedes. the result end up on /r/shitty_car_mods/
naked florida man fires shots at woman after his dog gets loose, deputies say
florida man admits ripping off luxury retailers from miami prison cell
florida man arrested for 26th time
florida man drives to hospital with knife in back; woman charged
florida man can now spend $2 in an attempt to get cash to come out of their (virtual) cornhole!
florida man passed out at light with baby in car, drink in hand
florida man finds massive boa constrictor chilling in their attic for years
florida man points rifle at parents in a school pickup line, then throws an opossum at a car
florida man threatens to blow up school after not being allowed to pickup child
florida man charged with using confederate flag as weapon
florida man who admitted drinking long island ice teas before grounding his yacht on the beach gets plea deal
florida man says he decapitated aunt, threw body in trash
florida man lands plane on a beach
florida man claims he is the devil  world ending
florida man wants his sh*t back
florida man threatens school children and parents with dead possum.
florida man threatens parents at school with rifle, dead possum
florida man caught stealing license tag off pbso car with deputies inside
wife of florida man accused of burglary provides him with an alibi, "we was at a swingers club"
ax-wielding florida man saves girlfriend from home invasion
florida man arrested for dui after police find him passed out with child in backseat
florida man arrested for dui after police find him passed out with a child in backseat
florida man pulled over for speeding, found with $1,000 up his bum, a car full of drugs, with his infant child in the front seat.
florida man -- a university of tampa professor -- fired after suggesting harvey was 'karma' for texas
florida man threatens parents with gun and dead possum.
florida man, jubilee, 73, accused of aggravated stalking
shirtless florida man threatens parents in school pick-up line with rifle
florida man arrested for running naked through wal-mart parking lot.
florida man puts a stop to traffic camera ticket robberies | get protected today!
angry white florida man gets owned by cops
florida woman tells police black man stabbed her and boyfriend, crazy truth quickly comes out
florida man says god told him to steal can of fuel
florida man literally felt the  long arm of the law  after hiding over $1000 in a tight spot
florida man with ink in eye wants to buy the u.s. post office.
clumsy florida man robbers drop drawer containing money, police say
florida man blames 'demon' for fatally stabbing girlfriend and their 8-month-old son
pink chinese markings found on counterfeit cash, florida man arrested
florida man accused of operating county fair ride while intoxicated
porg tattoos fills florida man &amp; woman with regret
florida woman stabs her electrocuted boyfriend, tells cops a  black man with a mohawk  did it
florida man gets fired from teaching position after suggesting houston deserved hurricane harvey
florida man charged with hiding over $1,000 in drug money in rectum
florida man arrested for performing sexual acts on himself in public
all week's worth of florida man (compilation vid)
florida man told deputies that after a drug binge including hallucinogens he didn t quite feel himself and that is when he decided to sneak into the sonesta resort
florida man racing
florida man accused of trying to drown woman in his swimming pool
florida man stuffs $1k in rectum to hide it
florida man assaults girlfriend with berries after mayweather fight.
florida man arrested for the 26th time
florida man, drunk and foaming at the mouth, jumps in front of my vehicle in the middle of traffic!
nsfw: florida man sentenced to life for killing girlfriend who yelled ex s name during sex
new: florida man revives fish, but still on hook for arrest
florida man and cop prevents suicidal woman from killing herself... by shooting and killing her himself.
florida man killed after attempting to sexually assault alligator.
florida man gets five years for sexually battering teen during exam
floridaman (miami herald journalist) finds serious competition to florida man
florida man killed during rape of underage gator
florida man attempts to smuggle syringe full of heroin into jail by hiding it inside his prosthetic leg, fails.
florida man stops to have sex during burglary
florida man accused of bestiality found not guilty of abusing family dog
satire] executed florida man gives new lethal injection the thumbs up
florida man hires prostitute only to find out he hired his own wife
florida man kills imaginary friend while high on drugs, turns himself in
florida man to trial for allegedly exposing himself at conneaut lake park
florida man complains about florida
for the first time in history, a white florida man was executed for killing a black man.
police: florida man robbed pizza show with son in tow
entire florida man k-9 unit suspended for speeding
florida man stole $250,000 stamp collection from woman who was 'mean" to him
florida man defecates behind local business prompting florida businessman, joey the jeweler, to post footage online in an attempt to identify the culprit.
florida man caught next to the car he stole while watching the eclipse
florida man theme song!
florida man fights cops at hooters, fellow florida man jumps in to help.... the cops.
florida man rode bicycle to meet child for sex, deputies say
florida man engages in sexual activity while stealing a trailer
florida man sent child porn to tv anchor, sheriff says
florida man does not shop at lowes.
florida man stops to have sex during burglary
police on hunt for florida man "mystery pooper"
florida man, aka 'crapperman', sought by florida police
florida man: shirtless, poops in jewelry store parking lot
florida man brandishes "ar-15" when mcd's ice cream machine is broken.
terrible news: "florida man is first to die under new lethal injection protocol"
florida man kills imaginary friend and turns himself in
florida man arrested after stopping to watch the eclipse in stolen car
florida man uses plane to draw radar penis
florida man is rich af
florida man stops by hardware store to buy welding mask in order to view the eclipse... while being followed by cops for driving a stolen car.
florida man moons the police
28-year old florida man rides bike to meet up with child for sex
florida man arrested while viewing eclipse 'never saw it coming'
florida man gets akumatized (x-post with /r/miraculousladybug)
florida man and florida woman parents arrested after teacher smells pot on student s backpack
white florida man to be first ever executed for killing a black florida man
florida man builds tiny bedroom for his dog under the stairs (xpost /r/pupliftingnews)
florida man unmasked!
florida man was driving golf cart erratically, tells police he couldn't pass a feild sobriety if he were sober.
florida man set to establish a few 'firsts'. first man to be executed under a new law and with new, never tested drugs. florida man on the cutting edge of death.
florida man car thief arrested while viewing solar eclipse, deputies say
florida man told mcdonald s ice cream machine broken, pulls out weapon
florida man arrested for refusing to take off his confederate flag hockey mask
this florida man drove up to georgia for the eclipse. no evidence seen of someone tied up in the passenger seat.
florida man conceals identity behind confederate flag mask, ends up with face and name plastered all over the internet.
a florida man got arrested while flexing on fb live with drugs and money
florida man caught rolling blunt allegedly punches off-duty female deputy
florida man repeatedly exposed himself at ritz
florida man changed ex's locks while she was out of the country
florida man shoots and kills aaa worker, beats body with cane because he took too long to respond to service call
florida man real estate agent finds human remains while showing property, police say
florida man confederate demonstrator kicked out of college
florida man and landlord kills tenant after eviction goes slightly wrong
cops: florida man screams about penis size, then shows his off
florida man catches intoxicated woman
florida male stripper stabbed man in both eyes with a pen because he thought he was a cannibal
florida man killed in wrong-way crash on new jersey turnpike
florida man was arrested after police say he had a hatchet in his pants
florida man (judge) quotes carly simon in ruling involving eclipse
florida man masturbated in front of hospital staff before brawl, police say
florida man brings fish back to life to avoid being arrested.
florida man gets areested during the solar eclipse
florida man gets arrested during solar eclipse
florida man steals vehicle, stops at hardware store to buy a welding mask to view the eclipse, gets caught
cops: florida man fatally beaten, stabbed in eyes after argument over cannibalism
a restaurant wouldn't give florida man a free slice of pizza. so he hurled rocks at it.
florida man hits 17 cars trying to park
florida man beat a 94-year-old woman after the pair got into an argument over the victim's will, deputies said.
florida man hits 17 cars while trying to park
florida man threatens to burn down son's school after being asked to donate to the ptsa.
florida man bucks trend
jury selection starts monday for florida man accused of sexually assaulting family dog
florida man unleashes swords in walmart parking lot.
florida man pulls out fake ar-15 rifle over mcdonald's ice cream dispute
charities cancel events at mar-a-lago, deciding that the owner is crazy even by florida man standards
florida man attempts to steal a marked police car parked outside a police station, with the officer sitting in the driver's seat.
florida man accused of tossing bombs at brevard residences
details on fed up florida man pulling out rifle because mcdonald s ice cream machines never work
florida man treks to charlottesville in a confederate uniform
forty-five florida man(men) face arrest for allegedly having sex on public beaches in florida, authorities said.
when three thugs with a hand gun turn up to burgle a homeowner's car, florida man shows up with an ak-47. that's the florida way.
drunken florida man hits 17 cars while trying to park his suv
florida man banned from middle school.
florida man says penis couldn't have killed dead gf
florida man says penis killed gf, not him.
florida man catches drunk woman with lure
florida man goes on violent rampage through pizza store after employees decline him a free slice
florida man goes for a drive
a man in florida caught masturbating
florida man pulls assault rifle when mcdonalds is out of icecream
a florida man naked and caught masturbating behind a seashell
florida man keeps a hatchet in his pants.
florida man breaks nearly every law, all at once
florida man says he's alice in wonderland and caterpillar ordered destruction of liquor store.
florida man accused of grabbing weapon when request for ice cream denied
florida man nazis arrested after an investigation found drugs, firearms and nazi propaganda in their possession
florida man has some of princess di's wedding cake, plus 13,000 other royal items (w/photos)
21 florida man arrested for having sex in public parks in martin county
florida man fishes and catches a florida woman
florida man nearly kills teen by giving him laxatives for weight loss
new: florida man throws flares, sponge from boat at officer
florida(wo)man snorted cocaine off iphone in school pick up line
florida man caught trying to sneak gun into canada after officers read packing list
florida man arrested for taking upskirt photos of woman
florida man says a caterpillar made him damage construction site.
florida man fires gun in strip club while taking a selfie
flash foils florida man up-skirt photo session
florida man gets tasered 3 times, beat by a baton, and requires 4 cops to take him down.
florida man wrecks liquor shop, blames "caterpillar" - story
florida man is a racist heckler
florida man arrested after rush hour road rage shooting
florida man sentenced to prison for role in inauguration day rioting, admitted joining in violence, destruction - wore a gas mask to conceal identity/evade law enforcement...then was first to confess.......and plead guilty to felony
florida man gets 6 years for firing gun while taking selfie
florida man zapped child with stun gun and force-fed dog feces, cops say
florida man  was running through the neighborhood naked. 
florida man stabs partner in both eyes, jams piece of wood down throat - no, not that wood.
florida man gets mauled by big cat.
florida man stabbed partner in both eyes and shoved piece of wood down throat
florida man accused of inappropriately touching girl, 6, at pool party
florida man accused of doing a helicopter dick infront of beachgoers
florida man goes to charlottesville hate rally on the down low, loses job when boss sees him in the newspaper
florida man thought his partner was a cannibal so he stabbed him in the eyes
ever wanted to know what happens when you smoke.... with a gas grill in your car? florida man knows.
florida man falls into 10-foot sinkhole while trying to block it off
florida man transporting grill injured after suv explodes when woman lights cigarette
florida man points gun at self-defense teacher, tells him 'martial arts are crap'
florida man arrested in connection to charlottesville events, claims it was an "independent matter." calls democrats "violent extremists."
florida man pulls gun at church during self-defense argument
florida man confesses to killing wife 30 years ago after claiming it was suicide at the time.
people need to stop hating": florida man urges healing after his daughter is run over by a white supremacist
goat-blood drinking orlando, florida man had key billing for charlottesville rally
florida man transporting gas grill in a kia. he lights a cigarette and blows up his car.
florida man passed out by lightset, fell from wheelchair.
florida man charged in rare deer theft pleads not guilty
drunken florida man sets scooter ablaze because he  got mad  at it, cops say
florida man and florida woman, man and wife, apparently take 'tough love' a step too far for the state to abide.
police: florida man dies after punch from uber driver
florida man discovers that a boa constrictor has been living in his attic for at least two years
florida man robs bank naked, and proceeds to throw the money in the street while running from police. all in an effort to launch his career in comedy.
florida man drives burning car, then shoots at it
florida man found dead with a full erection penetrating deeply in an anaconda who asphyxiated him. last year, a domestic gerbil "accidentally pierced his anus and chewed his intestinal tract".
florida man and three other firefighters fired after noose was found on seat of the only black recruit
forged typo-filled letter only gets florida man into more trouble - story
florida man tries to solve the gas crisis without the gang
florida man attempts, fails to steal a chihuahua
florida man and florida woman diving for lobster instead finds human bones
hide yo daughters, the florida man is coming
florida man gives deputies history quiz after being fired
florida man accused of offering tampa cop $10,000 to get out of pot, dui arrest
florida man, 22, killed after standing up for his gay friends against homophobic threats and insults
florida man sets off firework inside wendy's restaurant
florida man finds boa constrictor was living in his attic for years
florida man rear-ends car, tries to steal cash out of it after other driver goes to hospital.
florida man (x3) and florida woman (x2) arrested with meth, guns and nazi propaganda
florida man saves drowning 400lb black bear
florida man takes on dog trainers, tries to dognap a chihuahua, and escapes.
florida man finds boa constrictor living in attic; possibly for two to four years
nazi gang of florida man and woman arrested after raid on florida trailer nets meth, guns, veterans' id cards, more: report
florida man is world's fastest flasher
naked florida man robs house in search of sesame seeds for his burger buns
florida man .....i need money...
florida man on vacation: crashes his harley into a goat in maine
florida man arrested after alleged cocaine-fueled 100 mph run in red chevy corvette
florida man and friends film and mock a disabled man drowning
florida man and friends mock and film drowning disabled man
florida man loses all credit
florida man loses all credit
5 injured after florida man rams into disney world bus
florida man strikes pole, leaves girl, 7, at crash scene
elderly florida man initiates 4-car crash
florida man uses dating app to steal doggo
florida man sells doggo for crack
florida man... craziest people of florida 2017
florida man who is homeless sent photos of his genitals to local real estate agents
florida man shoplifts donuts for instagram views
florida man charged for molesting 3 children repeatedly while mother watched
florida man is increasingly likely to be a chinese tourist; interest from china in florida homes is increasing 60% per year, with many seeking to use their property for seasonal tourism.
florida man shooting shark video pos
florida man tries to disguise himself as the sun to escape the police after robbing a house
florida man banned from beach after passing out "sugardaddy" business cards
florida man robs bank, strips naked, then runs down the street throwing stolen money everywhere.
florida man fills job application form in a gas station, immediatelly proceeds to rob the place
florida man disemboweled girlfriend after sex
florida man father, his florida woman mother, and his florida man son booked for growing $1 million in marijuana and stealing $21,000 in electricity
florida man father, florida woman mother, and florida man son booked for growing $1 million in marijuana, stealing $21,000 in electricity
florida man, 70yrs old, pulls gun on customer in publix check out line
homeless florida man sent photos of his genitals to local real estate agents
florida man 'sugardaddy' seeking 'sugarbaby' banned from florida beach
florida man suffocated to death after having sex with pet anaconda.
florida man hunts iguanas, says he can catch 50 at a time
florida man ignores semi trailer restriction in minneapolis tunnel. takes out almost 50 lights in the process.
florida man shoots shark
florida man shoots shark after catching it
florida man told a home depot employee he has aids and threatened to  stick  him with a hypodermic needle as he was being questioned about shoplifting items from the store.
florida man banned from beach after handing out business cards that read, "sugardaddy seeking his sugarbaby"
florida man wanted for shooting has "shooter" tattooed on his neck
florida man, 73, banned from beach after handing out cards seeking his "sugarbaby"
florida man banned from beach after handing out business cards that read,  sugardaddy seeking his sugarbaby. 
sheriff florida man who says he "wrote the book on dui" arrested for dui
florida man on his 3rd murder: "i have a hard time being rejected"
florida woman set fire to bed while husband was sleeping in it, florida man husband wants to save marriage
florida man causes journalist to stop caring about his job
high-speed chase ends with naked florida man atop bleachers
florida man banned from beach after handing out "sugar daddy" business cards.
florida man rams into car full of kids thinking driver was someone else
florida man tries to steal police car with officer still sitting inside of it
florida man jailed after armed dispute over hedgehog
77 year old florida man arrested after squirting "sex lube" on his girlfriend when she refused sex
florida man sends nude photo to an 11 year old, his reason why? "because i'm an idiot"
florida man disarmed during beach floatie spat
florida man trashes chik-fil-a in jacksonville. trying to get a double refund.
hedgehog, baseball bat and a machete: florida man jailed after fighting teenage son. he said it started with a hedgehog.
florida man fires roman candles at deputies
florida man uses umbrella to knock gunman cold
not satisfied with the manslaughter and 2nd degree murder conviction, florida man decides to stab woman to death.
florida man jumps out of boeing 737's emergency exit while taxiing on runway.
dispute about hedgehog lands florida man in jail
sex lube assault! florida man does not slip away! featuring alcohol and sleeping pills!
florida man tries to steal police car with officer still inside
florida man arrested after fight over hedgehog
florida man flees cops in boozy beach chase while broadcasting on facebook live
florida man arrested after dousing girlfriend in sex lube
latest: florida man throws water at woman who won t give him her phone
meta] inspirobot understands florida man
florida man arrested for aggravated assault charges after he armed himself with a machete and a baseball bat during a dispute with his son about a hedgehog.
florida man comics gallery (no dodgy news site)
florida man wearing trump hat arrested in fight over politics near dupont circle - the washington post
florida man accused of setting his pregnant girlfriend on fire in front of her children is now on the run
florida man strikes again! kind of...
florida man arrested after yelling, dragging table into street
florida (federal agent) man accidentally shoots himself in foot at portland international airport
florida man (and federal agent) accidentally shoots himself in foot at the airport
florida man finds thousands of koi in pool
florida man with an umbrella knocks out florida man with a gun
florida man uses an umbrella to hit a gun out of guys hand at the beach
florida man breaks out weapons after fight over hedgehog
vomit fight almost costs florida man $165 for 1-mile ride
florida man leaves strip club, gets into a fight with a security guard, tries to run him over, gets shot up, wrecks another car fleeing the scene. triple play!
florida man workshops legislation on racist subreddit
florida man causes explosion in orange county mcdonald's bathroom
florida man, sentenced earlier in the week to four and a half years for identity theft, was busted while writing his next fraud "to-do" list.
florida man accused of setting girlfriend on fire
florida man set pregnant ex-girlfriend on fire in front of her 2 young kids
deputies search for florida man who may have blown up mcdonald's bathroom
florida man: "i'm white trash and i'm in trouble"
tattooed super villain florida man interviewed on why he tattooed his entire face and his shocking behavior
florida man faces dui charge after driving jeep into water on clearwater beach
florida man wears dress, breaks into cars, hides window punch in buttocks
florida man snorts yogurt and proceeds to make this video.
florida man wearing trump hat arrested in fight over politics near d.c.
florida man falls out of truck before it runs over his leg
florida man shoots out the tires on 2 at&amp;t utility trucks parked outside of his house.
police seek florida man accused of setting pregnant girlfriend on fire
alligator  ate toes off  of florida man who bathed in pond, report says
florida man robs bank, gets naked, throws money
smh florida man sheriff shares his thoughts on black people you should learn how to act like white people
florida man, 83, gives finger while doing u-turns, resists arrest
a warm and honest interview with carina from europe. florida man might find this interesting :)
florida man ties puppy to fence, kicks it to death on camera
authorities: florida man robs bank, then gets naked and throws money
florida man divorcing cheerleader wife because trump
florida man molests horse
florida man drags live shark behind high speed boat.
i love her so much:  florida man disputes claim wife tried to kill him by setting bed on fire
florida man caught on camera punching out valet
florida man distracted by cell phone crashes into construction workers
florida man calls for replacing confederate monument with manatee memorial
florida man bitten by a poisonous snake slapped with 6-figure bill
florida man kills snooty.
florida man rips off my post from another thread, seconds before i post it here, runs naked down the street throwing stolen karma everywhere.
florida man rips off my post from another sub, seconds before i post it here, then runs naked down the street throwing stolen karma everywhere.
florida man drinks goat blood; runs for senate
elderly florida man dies after being run over by tractor
florida man steals dirty towels
florida man needs a roommate
florida man tries to steal police car with cop inside
florida man robs bank, gets naked, runs down the street throwing money
florida man tries to steal police car with police officer in it
if there is ever a florida man movie made, david cross from "run ronnie run" needs to be the man.
florida man robs bank and runs naked down the street throwing stolen money
florida man tries to cover up health inspector's sign requiring shutdown of his restaurant
florida man drags shark at high speed behind boat until it tears to pieces
florida man selling home for 250$
florida man drives in circles for a half hour after stabbing a man before returning to the scene of the crime
florida man breaks into woman's house with saw and axe - says "billy, it's your turn" to son who is inside
drunk florida man livestreams himself speeding down clearwater beach
florida man stabs dog to death  because it always took girlfriend s side'
florida man jumps in filthy retention pond, has toes and dick bitten by alligator.
florida man threatens couple with samurai sword in road rage incident
florida man drives over umbrellas on beach while drinking and livestreaming
gator bites toes off florida man bathing in retention pond
alligator 'ate toes off' homeless florida man bathing in retention pond
florida man said he keyed neighbors  vehicles because he s  mean 
florida man robs bank, ran around naked in attempt to launch comedy career
florida man road rage
florida man and friends dragging a live shark behind their boat
florida man loses testicle, toes, finger to alligator while bathing in pond
florida man cuts off gator tail to impress girlfriend and tries to sell it to neighbors
22-year old florida man kills friend after repeatedly losing in dice game
florida man (and woman) arrested after drugging heroin addicted newborn
florida man to officer:  i get naked when i get really happy or really sad 
florida man- the gentler side
alligator nibbles on florida man as he bathes in retention pond.
report: fired florida man sheriff's deputy took naked photos on duty
florida man accused of stabbing wife in fight over messy mango eating in bedroom
florida man gets cocaine stolen, calls police
florida man accused of lying about kidney transplant to get imaginary girlfriend away from lifeguards, gets in nude beach blow job jet ski fight
florida man robs bank and flees naked
florida man stabs alligator to death, tries to sell the meat
florida man arrested for human trafficking after 9 people found dead in his truck at texas walmart
a 10-year-old florida man described by police as "flashy" cut off his ankle monitor the day after being charged with stealing a car and stole another one
florida man asked neighbors for salt, then held them hostage
florida man learns hard way not to joke about bar tab being payment to isis
florida man high on flakka tries to break into jail
florida man contracts flesh-eating bacteria through blisters from hiking
drowning florida man recorded from teenagers without help who'll face no charge.
florida man says he stabbed dog for siding with girlfriend in arguments
tampa), florida man discovers his own bank account after being homeless for a while.
florida man(atee) passes away at age 69
florida man throwing objects off of crane, in stand off with police
florida man)clearwater man was driver of hot truck where 9 died in human smuggling case
florida man livestreams being chased by officers on clearwater beach nearly hitting beachgoers
florida men (to be) record man drowning, do nothing but point and laugh
florida man shoots at at&amp;t trucks parked outside his home
florida man stabbed dog for siding with girlfriend in arguments
florida men laugh and film man as he downs.
multiple florida man laugh and film man as he dies downing in a small lake.
florida man shot at two at&amp;t trucks because he was upset that they were parked outside of his home
florida man shoots at&amp;t trucks near his home
florida man emasculated during failed attempt to rape pit bull
florida man, drug dealer, arrested after calling police to report his cocaine stolen
florida man looses $300k in online dating fraud
florida man shoots out utility workers tired because they were parked in front of his house
florida man finds 15 pounds of frozen italian sausage on his roof after being awakened by a thud.
florida teens film man drowning
florida man says he stabbed dog for siding with girlfriend in arguments...
florida man tells deputies  dr. rosa parks  prescribed medication
drunk florida man live streams his own police chase.
disabled florida man drowns after 5 teenagers mock him and do nothing
oj simpson to become florida man after release from prison
update] florida man indicted for brawl that diverted delta flight - maximum sentence 50 years
florida man shouts at at&amp;t trucks outside home
florida man on facebook live: police chase on clearwater beach- mows down beach chairs and umbrellas in occupied area while chugging liquor screaming "we gon die, bro"
florida man who recorded drowning man will not be charged
florida man shoots utility trucks outside his home with  actual gun 
another one from florida man
little florida men laugh and mock a man while he drowns and no one calls the police. man found 6 days later.
florida man shoots at att workers for being parked in front of his house
florida teens laugh at disabled man drowning
florida man(teens) laugh at disabled man drowning
florida man punches jimmy john's employee because his sandwich took too long, wasn't 'freaky fast' enough
florida man does florida man things.
did some homework. the florida man who called for his opponent to go back to africa is banned from kfc.
florida man live streams his  crash parade  while recklessly driving down beach
florida men who laughed and taunted a man drowning in a river will not be charged in his death
florida man (men) who recorded, and mocked a drowning man will not be charged in his death
florida teens mock a drowning disabled man and let him die
florida man not charged after bringing neighbor's dead body to lawyer's office
florida man arrested after gun and drugs found in 'my little pony' backpack
florida man throws egg at cyclist from a car, later find out he's a cop
florida man livestreams his police chase as he runs over beach chairs and swigs whiskey [x-post r/news]
florida teens won't be charged after mocking, filming death of drowning man
florida man (pork) mysteriously falling from the sky
florida man pursuing charges against teens accused of filming drowning man.
florida men laugh, watch, and record a man drowning in a pond
florida man stabs dog for siding with girlfriend in arguments
florida man charged with threatening southern illinois schools
upset  florida man shoots out tires of at&amp;t trucks parked outside of his home
florida man shoots out tires of at&amp;t truck
florida man stabs puppy to death for always 'taking his girlfriends side in arguments".
florida man decided to shoot utility trucks outside his home
florida man didn't like the at&amp;t trucks parked in front of his home. so he shot them.
florida man shoots at&amp;t van's tires outside his home.
florida man running for mayor tells black activists 'go back to africa'
florida man pissed at at&amp;t trucks - shoots out the tires what else
florida man calls 911 to report stolen cocaine, describes himself as drug dealer
florida man upset with at&amp;t workers takes revenge by shooting their cars
florida man shoots out tires of at&amp;t truck because it was parked in front of his house
florida man was charged with burglary and larceny after sheriff s deputies say he broke into a clubhouse, stole property and defecated in a shower
florida man buys booze and tells clerk his plan to kill his coworkers
florida man gets arrested after shooting off his own penis.
florida man shoots out tires of at&amp;t truck outside home
florida man casually shoots at&amp;t trucks
o.j. simpson freed from jail, to become florida man again
florida man breaks into clubhouse, steals property, and defecates in shower - wtf florida?
malicious' florida man barbecues family's pet turtle
florida man threatens to be judges   biggest nightmare 
https://www.yahoo.com/celebrity/florida-man-shoots-tires-t-054741421.html
florida man shoots tires, radiator of att trucks in attempt to make lineworkers move them
florida man veteran punches alligator in the face.
florida man shoots out at&amp;t truck tires for being parked in front of house.
florida man angry at&amp;t trucks parked in front of house, shoots out their tires
florida man indicted in brawl on delta flight to china
florida man shoots out tires of an at&amp;t truck outside home
florida man shoots out tires of at&amp;t trucks because he was mad that they were parked outside of his house
florida man shoots tyres on trucks parked outside home
florida man broadcasts his drunken beach chase on facebook live (this is the facebook video)
florida man didn't like the at&amp;t trucks parked in front of his home. so he shot them. says he went "bananas".
florida man hates at&amp;t
florida man drowned while teens filmed, mocked and laughed
florida man leads police chase on from clearwater beach to caladesi island while on facebook live
florida man drives drunk, goes on "crash parade" on beach, hitting chairs and turtle nests, streams it live on facebook.
florida man is my 'real' dad. found obituary, interested in more details about him and his death.
florida man punches son in the face at chuck e. cheese
florida man goes to washington, tries "new drug" in the woods, steals cereal, ends up hogtied on the side of the road.
florida man calls 911 and lies about a woman being shot, because he wanted the cops to help him find his cellphone
florida man drug dealer turns himself in by accident
florida man says primates swarm property
florida man arrested for impersonating chad johnson
florida man &amp; st. pete mayoral candidate tells african americans to go back to africa
florida man, a park employee, runs over 3 people. officials said the employee was doing his job.
florida man calls cops to report stolen drugs, promptly gets arrested afterwards
florida man says his yard is taken over by a swarm of monkeys.
florida man: pro athlete edition
florida man who says he's a drug dealer calls 911, reports stolen cocaine
florida man accused of road rage toward driver headed to mall
florida man tries to open exit door on flight to china, gets hit with wine bottle
florida man shoots up the tires of the at&amp;t truck that was parked in front of his house.
florida man backs moving truck into his own home
florida man tells audience members 'go back to africa'
florida man and florida woman celebrating honeymoon beat, kidnap, and rape stranger, then get arrested
goat blood drinking &amp; lsd using florida man bolts libertarian party for the gop
florida man and drug dealer calls cops to report theft of his cocaine.
florida man drives into lowe's, begins cutting lumber, is tased
florida man survives large piece of scrap metal falling on his car
florida man gets pecker stuck in pool pump
florida man arrested after reporting cocaine stolen
check out this podomatic podcast! the florida man podcast - episode 4
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she calls out another man's name during sex
florida man claims car smells like weed because of latex gloves
florida man with white pride tattoo arrested for 40th time
animal rights protesters 'liberate' tilapia from florida man fishing with family
florida man who "recently raised a girl from the dead twice" seeks girlfriend and wife.
florida man 'active heroin dealer' shut down by deputies
florida man s pick up truck hits 4-year old boy riding a wave on the beach
florida man drives into lowes, begins cutting lumber.
florida man calls police to report stolen cocaine, police find cocaine in exact place where he left it.
florida man calls police to report stolen cocaine
florida man attacked by alligator while wading in river with daughters
florida man who blamed large penis for girlfriend s death acquitted.
florida man breaks 2001 record of 16 gator attacks at peace river
large piece of scrap metal nearly kills florida man, destroys car
florida man accidentally pulls over black state attorney.
florida man skydives, sends a video to his wife telling her he's not going to deploy his parachute because he's "going somewhere wonderful."
florida man arrested for hiding cocaine in cookie monster doll
florida man sky diver who jumped to his death told wife he wasn t going to pull cord
florida man arrested for calling 911 nearly 100 times in one day
florida man goes skydiving, tells wife he's not pulling rip cord
florida man finds self in possible deep trouble after pulling a bag of cocaine from his anus and blowing it on cops from the back of police car
florida man survives large pipe crushing his van.
florida man survives falling scrap metal
florida man survives nearly unscathed as car crushed by large piece of scrap metal on highway
florida man attacks people with  sword cane  after beer confiscation
florida man drives car into lowes, pulls out circular saw and begins to cut lumber while threatening employees
florida man chewed wires in florida highway patrol cruiser, put chewing gum on camera, officials say
florida man s house swallowed by florida
florida man arrested for calling 911 98 times to get seized drug bust money back.
florida pastor man busted for massive amounts of sexual images and videos of minors.
florida man, pastor busted after church prank turns up over 350,000 images of minors performing sex acts
florida man arrested, accused of bringing young daughter with him to drug deal in pelham
florida man arrested for calling clearwater police 98 times in 6 hours
cookie monster lands florida man in jail
officer florida man pulls over black florida woman and stumbles to explain why after he finds out she is the state attorney
florida man 'irate' over response time kills aaa worker
florida man never rests.
naked florida man tasered twice by deputies in village of buttonwood
florida man angry over response time kills aaa contract worker
florida man thinks c is for cocaine
florida man and brother, aged 9 and 10, both arrested for threatening police officers while running away from home.
florida man arrested after walking down his street naked
florida man with viral half beard arrested
florida man quits republican party after getting bullied by president of the us
florida man take her own daughter as gator bait...
florida man with half-beard arrested again
teen florida man hit by car, gucci backpack taken during online sale gone wrong in denny's parking lot
statue immortalizes florida man as massive shark eats him
florida man attempts to defy the odds to impress a woman by standing naked outside her lanai and pressing his junk against the screen. it doesn't work
florida man forced to close walking areas in state park due to aggressive monkeys.
geriatric florida man crashes into clearwater art studio
florida man kills aaa technician because of a slow response time
new: naked florida man tasered twice after smoking marijuana in front of deputies
florida man hunts, hauls in massive gator, and it's all for the family business
florida man attacked by bull shark at nude beach
florida man makes 98 calls to 911
florida man who got hug from president florida man on-stage says he feels like trump's son now
florida man arrested for hiding 11 ounces of cocaine inside cookie monster doll
florida man caught hiding cocaine in a cookie monster doll
florida man skips out on bar tab
florida man grabbed a boob at a post office, exposed himself at a subway and jerked off at a circle k. the kicker, his own brother turned him in
florida man shows his peen to people at an amusement park
florida man dies from gun shot wound 6 decades after being shot
florida man fights robber armed with sword with a broom handle
florida man dies from gun shot 59 years after the bullet left the gun.
florida title insurance company - artesian title - for florida man and florida woman
naked florida man asks woman if she can help him out as he masturbated in front of her house screen
florida man punches alligator that bit him while diving for golf balls at club
florida man killed in machete attack at gas station
gop florida man rep. on meeting with russian for dirt: i  probably  would have done same
florida man pulls gun on deputy, but clumsy footing saves day
florida man, tired of walking, steals forklift... again
florida man gets into a fight at a bar and pulls out a sword
florida man gets pulled over for a broken headlight, leads to 14 arrests, 66 felony charges, and 341 grams of meth
police department releases hilarious video on new anti-theft system for florida man
florida man has monkey problem
florida man chokes woman, shoots 5 rounds near her feet, threatens to kill her and witnesses; behavior 'nothing out of the ordinary'
florida monkeys invade park, backyard; harass innocent florida man
florida man responds to charges he abused and neglected his step son: "he is not my responsibility, i m not his father, i come from a rich and white family. 
authorities: florida man recently died from 1958 shooting
shark bites both legs of florida man
authorities: florida man recently died from 1958 shooting
florida man wanted for arrest found - don't know how
florida man and 80 others form human chain to rescue drowning family at beach
florida man priest pulls gun in road rage incident.
priest arrested in florida road rage incident after pulling gun on florida man
florida man loads car with propane tanks, crashes into ex's apartment
florida man fought to open hatch during china-bound flight from seattle
florida man skips out on $6 bar tab, tells cops he's a 'sovereign citizen'
florida man beats autistic, deaf florida man known as  minneola superhero'
naked, drunk florida man arrested in clearwater beach hotel lobby
florida man who crashed plane in everglades went on unauthorized solo flight
florida man flys to china
florida man leads deputies on chase through cow pastures in stolen truck (with video)
florida man freezes dead wife to collect social security
florida man allegedly raped woman to 'teach her a lesson' about dating black men
this could describe almost every florida man
florida man attacked by alligator while diving for golf balls
florida man sits on gun, accidentally shoots self in dick
florida man catches two people having sex in the back of his pickup. reaction in spanish.
florida man sues florida man because of hot air
police: florida man sits on gun, shoots himself in penis
fbi: florida man attacked flight attendant, forced delta flight to make emergency return
florida man complains to mayor about 'cat explosion'
florida man leads police on wild car chase through cow pastures, and his reason why will make your blood boil
florida man uses removable cast to hide machete
florida man tries to hide in pool to avoid arrest
florida man says 'if only girls had something to flaunt other than just their abs, legs, butt's and v's'
captain florida man of the palm beach sheriff's office is arrested for slamming into a motorcycle and sending it airborne while drunk and high on xanax.
sword-wielding florida man attempts to rob convenience store for beer, police say
blind florida man sues miami heat because he can't watch the games.
florida man can't catch a break
gator spotted chewing on florida man after plane crashes in everglades
florida man smashes wine bottles over heads before flight returns to sea-tac
flight attendant hits florida man over head with wine bottle after he fights with passengers and lunges for exit door
florida man dies after fall into crater lake caldera
florida man wonders where the pot came from found in his 'groin area', blames a recent change of underwear.
young florida man flips off camera after being rescued by firefighters
florida man falls to death at crater lake national park in oregon
florida man hides wife's body in freezer for 8 years
florida man waves his penis at mcdonald's
florida man, with marijuana near groin, blames underwear change
sheriff names accused breast-grabber florida man 'volusia scumbag of the week'
florida man repeatedly tells deputy to  call donald trump  after allegedly smashing woman s cell phone
police: florida man sits on gun, shoots himself in penis
florida man becomes snack for florida lizard
florida man shoots self in penis
florida man kept wife s body in freezer to collect social security for 8 years
florida man sits on gun, accidentally shoots his dick
florida man kept wife s corpse on ice to collect benefits
florida man shoots his own penis after sitting on a gun
florida man postcard
florida man hid wife's body in freezer to collect social security
florida man unaware of marijuana in crotch cites recent underwear change
florida man crashes hot air balloon in alligator pond
brain parasites found in florida inhabitants. if this doesn't explain florida man nothing will.
florida man could go to jail for accidentally shooting himself in the penis
florida man dons riot gear to remove iguana from toilet
florida man and sidekick arrested for tying up and transporting endangered deer to "take pictures with them"
florida man (boy) flips off camera after being rescued by firefighters
florida man dies in 70-foot fall at crater lake national park
florida man kept dead wife in freezer for 8 years
oregon kills florida man being florida man
florida man now has the right to challenge any of that there smart-alecky science taught in school. florida, where iqs go to die.
florida man faces prison time after accidentally shooting himself in the penis
florida man shoots off his own penis by mistake
florida man shoots off own penis by mistake.
florida man commits drive by, kills one already in wheelchair from previous shooting; hous occupant returns fire with shotgun, striking driver and passenger...florida man unhurt, in custody.
florida man takes a trip to poland
florida man accidentally shoots self in the genitals
now any florida man can ask to have public schools' science and literary curriculum censored
florida man hid wife's body in freezer for years to collect social security
florida man sits on gun, accidentally shoots himself in penis
florida man dies after intentionally driving car into apartment building, car bursts into flames
florida man hid wife's body in a freezer for 8 years while collecting her social security
florida man dies after intentionally driving car filled with propane tank into apartment building; car bursts into flames
florida man beats cat named chicken nugget after it kills his bird
florida man kept dead wife in freezer, collected her social security for 8 years
florida man hides wife's body in freezer for 8 years
florida man is arrested after being pulled over with 3 endangered deer hogtied in his hyundai
florida man sits on gun and shoots his own penis.
new florida man law lets any resident challenge what s taught in science classes
florida man sits on gun and shoots himself in penis
bored florida man hacks local school district twitter account, posts racist tweets because "why the hell not?"
florida man accidentally shoots self in genitals
florida man sits on gun, shots himself in the penis.
iguana in the toilet is no match for florida man
summer for florida man
actual florida man article
florida man sits on gun, shoots self in penis, police say
florida man has greyhound training license suspended after 12 greyhounds test positive for cocaine.
florida man sits on gun, shoots himself in penis: police
florida man emerges from some bushes to shout obscenities at passing strangers
how to become a florida man
florida man gets into his car, sits on his gun, it goes off and shoots him in the penis.
florida man  tired of walking  steals another forklift
florida man sits on gun, shoots own penis, police say
florida man takes care of the lionfish epidemic with his glock brand glock
florida man saves fhp trooper's life by lifting vehicle with his bare hands
teen florida man dies at gun range in apparent suicide
unidentified florida man terrorizes town with graffiti depicting a human butt with three buttcheeks and two cracks, because why the fuck not.
cross-dressing florida man has a humble dream: that one day, every car in every parking lot will be clothed in women's underwear and pantyhose.
florida man (or woman) in a local school district demonstrate they are up to donald trump's low bar for tweet shame
florida man arrested in california for theft. eye see nothing wrong here.
florida man accidentally shoots himself in the penis
florida man shoots his penis off
florida man sits on gun, shoots self in penis, police say...
florida man, who stole a forklift two months ago, strikes again and for the same reason,  tired of walking 
florida man, who stole a forklift two months ago, strikes again, and for the same reason...he's "tired of walking"
florida man jailed for 90 days after police thought drywall in his car was cocaine
florida man catches snook from 3rd floor balcony
florida man charged with threatening state lawmaker on facebook
florida man jailed for selling family fake disney tickets
11 year old florida man is now a father
florida man charged with decapitating his mother on new year's eve
florida man documents the alarming spread of disgusting brain-worms
florida man attacks woman over late dinner, police say
florida man who divorced his wife to marry the spanish foreign exchange student they were hosting is accused of sexually assaulting the girl s teen sister
florida man drives to taco bell after being shot
florida man loses job as cop for shooting at people to chill out
florida man sheriff's corporal resigned recently after an investigation into an alleged extramarital affair revealed a trove of racist, sexist and pornographic images on his personal cellphone
florida man charged with breaking into 12 homes tented off for termites
green skittles or ganja? only florida man knows the answer.
florida man threatened with jail time for walking while black
florida man helped a lost toddler find her parents, then he was smeared online as a predator
florida man runs golf cart "chop shop" out of retirement community
teenage florida man steals porsche and $200,000, buys his mom a hellcat
florida man locked up for 90 days after cops mistake drywall for cocaine
florida man tying pantyhose to vehicles while wearing a pair
deputies search for florida man who's been tying pantyhose to random cars
florida man successfully receives penis transplant from horse
florida woman runs down florida man twice while he mowed florida lawn, florida police say.
florida man runs a golf cart chop shop and drug dealing operation out of one the largest retirement communities in the world
florida man beaten, called sexual predator after locating lost 2-year-old girl
florida man beaten, called a kidnapper after helping lost child
florida man hooks snook from 3rd floor balcony
florida man punches good samaritan 6 times after he mistakenly believed him to be kidnapping his daughter.
florida man calls 911 to be deported
florida man threw feces at toolbox, claims was  drunk out of his mind 
florida man on the move!
colorful florida man arrested for trespassing, peviously put cat litter inside people's cars
florida man ran nearly nude through hotel, pulled fire alarm and sprayed guests in the face with a fire extinguisher as they left their rooms.
failed headbutt of cop lands florida man man in jail
failed headbutt on cop lands florida man man in jail
deputies: drunk, high and naked florida man shows up to clearwater home, throws feces
daily dumb ass: florida man tries to steal a van and a plane and failed epically at both
florida man libels florida man for helping lost child
florida man shoots, throws chinese food at would-be robbers, police say
florida man beaten by angry mob and shamed online after trying to help lost 2-year-old find her family
florida man is living the dream...
florida man, or in this case 17 florida men, list same walmart as address in sex offender registry
florida man urinates on shopping cars and returns to the same store the next day
florida man rides star tours for the 10,000th time
florida man charged with threatening lawmaker on facebook
a florida (police)man mistakes drywall residue in fellow florida man's car, sending him to jail for 90 days before labs tests on the substance comes back negative. florida man
florida man mistakes good samaritan for child predator, beats him after he helped lost daughter
florida man helps lost toddler, gets called predator, has to leave town
florida man gator rapist killed
florida man arrested after allegedly stealing, beaching boat while on four loko binge
florida man rescues child but is labeled villain.
florida man father mistakes good samaritan for child predator, beats him after he helped lost daughter - national
florida man regrets voting for trump after realizing he will lose his health care benefits
columbian national goes full florida man.
colombian national goes full florida man at dolphin mall.
florida man state higher ed official on why women earn less than men: 'maybe it's genetic'
florida man investigated for harassing manatees after posting viral video
florida man arrested naked in stranger's back yard
someone is going to immortalize florida man with a series. god help us all!
the last thing i remember is drinking a couple 4 lokos,' says florida man accused of stealing boat
florida man kills best friend after their  balls touch  in threesome with stripper
florida firefighter man assaults man at bar over a cigarette
florida man boofs his coffee
florida man posing as cop pulls over real cop
florida man just drove around the parking lot and never even parked.
florida man serial mailbox destroyer wreaks havoc on neighborhood
deputies arrest florida man known as bazooka ricky on fleeing to elude and trespassing warrants
inside the mysterious lot of land florida man donald trump owns in florida's swamplands
florida man visits new york, hits bridge.
florida man drunk, high and naked man shows up to home, throws feces
alligator chases florida man who was trying to take a picture of it.
florida man gets shot in head, drives to parking lot and calls police
florida man steals van, tries to board plane after jumping on wing
florida man tsa officer steals passenger's money during pat down at orlando internarional airport
florida man shoots up a block party, leaves one dead, four wounded
florida man in trouble with the law for making little kid drink his pee
against all odds, even when things look the darkest, florida man fights back to save the day and win for peace and justice!
florida man is not a "baller".
florida man fakes his own death to avoid angry customers
florida man (men?) paints butts with many cheeks on walls
florida man named  scumbag of the week' for stealing child's bike
florida man patron continues to drink as bar gets robbed
florida man and buddies busted by cops for running golf cart chop shop and drugs.
florida man fends off armed burglars with machete
florida man and his sidekick impersonating police officers invade a home and handcuff residents.
florida man - teaser trailer
florida man steals child s bicycle from yard
florida man pretending to be cop arrested after trying to pull over an actual police officer
wet wipe companies hate him! florida man shares secret chip eating method
florida man sets up meth lab and golf cart chop shop in retirement village community garage
florida man who fed 5-year-old girl to alligators gets death sentence overturned
miami, florida man fined $120 million for making 96 million robocalls in three months
florida man drops camera in tennessee river, has it returned to him 5 years later
florida man, your pants are too low...
florida man sniffs 9 cans of 'dust-off' canned air
florida man ditches car after crashing into doritos truck
florida man tries to hot-wire car while keys are inside, deputies say
florida man makes 96 million robocalls, gets fined $120 million dollars
florida man fleeing from police run over by wells officer
florida man claims to be sovereign citizen. this does not prevent his arrest.
naval florida man
florida man accused of driving drunk crashes car into new  don t drink and drive  police car
florida man forgets the value of a belt, trips over pants while running away from car burglary
florida man complaining that cannibals were determined to eat his intestines was tased by sheriff s deputies
florida man delivery guy ambushed, throws chinese food at robber, shoots him
florida man being investigated by fwc for harassing manatees in st. john's river
florida man stops shooter without any weapons during father's day dinner at winghouse
florida man fights off shotgun-wielding armed robbers with machete
florida man blesses florida water
florida man fights off gun-wielding robbers with machete
florida man punches 70-year-old mother in face, police say
florida man chains himself to crane in miami, rescue crews bring him down
florida man  beer bandit  caught
florida man interrupts shootout at restaurant, orders gunman to the ground till the cops show up... and does this without a gun.
florida man calls 911 because he needed a ride to hooters
florida man customizes his car to look like influenza (and does a really good job)
florida man wanks off to rush hour traffic
video: florida man fights off armed robbers with a machete
florida man tried stealing cars by saying he s  police 
florida man puts mouse trap in mailbox to catch thief
florida man kid brandishes a gun whole police look for neglect
florida man brings a knife to a gunfight and wins
florida man fatally shot at his own birthday party
florida man fights off armed robbers with machete
what is the oldest "florida man" headline?
florida man and woman arrested for selling "golden tickets to heaven - just $99.99 per solid gold ticket!"
florida man and friends arrested for stealing 8 cows and selling them at auction
florida man in neon motorcycle helmet tries to rob bank
florida man prankster places false outlet stickers at miami airport
florida man has the worst drinking water in the country
florida man threatens his family with fake bomb
florida man poops on couch, is sent packing
florida man  beats his mother  in spat over cheeseburger
florida man sues friend over $1 million lottery prize
florida man exposes himself to highway drivers, swings knife at cops
teen florida man steals car with keys left inside, crashes into multiple trees
teen florida man nearly suffocates girlfriend after fight over baby name
florida man had chronic pain in his right testicle. his doctor mistakenly removed the left one.
florida man and his sidekick florida men tried posing as federal agents to get into a courthouse. it didn t work.
florida man admits to stabbing dog to death, says he didn't want to take it to the pound
florida man successfully receives penis transplant from horse
florida man exposes himself at public swimming area, then swings his penis in a helicopter motion asking people if he wants to touch it
florida man exposes himself at public swimming area, then swings his penis in a helicopter motion asking people if they want to touch it
florida man bodybuilder rich piana goes on racist rant
florida man bodybuilder goes on racist rant
florida man sees a submarine
florida man arrested for impregnating 13 yr old girl after paternity test revealed he was her father
meta] can we not post about sex crimes in florida man?
florida man accused of stealing neighbor's underwear, leaving others he wanted her to wear
florida man steals $246 worth of steaks, runs into woods to escape publix employee
video: machete-armed florida man fights off would-be robbers
florida man runs into flaming house to save woman, her two dogs
florida man runs into flaming house to save woman, her two dogs
florida man stabs dad, family dog 4 days after getting out of jail
florida man, jason trigger, accidentally shoots himself in ankle at dollar store
florida (homeless) man rejects job from dealership then warns drivers not to give him money.
florida man rejects job from a dealership, then warns drivers not to give him money.
florida man arrested for flashing kids with gyrating heicopter dick at local swimming hole
florida man arrested at local swimming hole for flashing kids with gyrating helicopter dick and an invitation to touch it
florida man sent nude photos of ex-wife to co-workers
florida man assaults mother in a dispute over a cheeseburger, is arrested.
a naked florida man crashed on the highway. then he attacked 2 police cars, cops say
florida woman sues over death of florida man
florida man attacks moms boyfriend with a samurai sword over can of missing shrimp
florida man wearing a neon green and yellow motorcycle helmet attempts rob bank
florida man arrested after putting mad dragons down his pants
florida man accused of stealing deputy's patrol car after dui check
florida man feared dead is now suspect in triple homicide
florida man accused of putting dirt in florida woman s gas tank, trapping her in car
florida man shoots a dad to death who was responding to an ad to buy puppies
florida man says friend duped him; pocketed lottery ticket money
florida (wo)man arrested after showering with 15 year old boy (different from current front page story)
florida man stuffs 15 bottles of motor oil, 30 dvds into pants
florida man has sex with woman after shooting her in the head
perfection: florida man named 'trigger' accidentally shoots himself in ankle at dollar general
florida man keeps mad dragons in his pants
florida man doesn't like muslims.
florida man who tried hacking into clinton foundation sentenced to 18 months in prison
florida man stuffs 15 bottles of motor oil, 30 dvds into pants
florida man accidentally shoots self at dollar general
florida man zip-tied children's hands as punishment for fighting, arrested for child abuse
florida man shoots python eating his goat
florida man shot, killed in front of kids while buying puppy through facebook ad
florida man boyfriend insults florida woman, so she stabs him, deputies say
florida man accused of zip tying three children
florida man attacks driver with baseball bat
florida man found naked and masterbating on top of crane by major interstate
federal judge says florida man neo nazi with explosives in his garage isn t a threat
florida man comes to best buy to watch netflix with rabbit friend.
florida man and county sheriff:  we can't wait for the next act of terrorism'
florida man causes jacksonville court evacuation
florida man flees car crash, gets naked on the 411 and destroys police car
florida maintainice man stabs resident in fight over dog poop
florida man pulls bicycle over to pick up palm fronds.
florida man pulls his bicycle over to pick up palm fronds.
florida man claims grandma fell ill in parking lot to get free ride from police to hooters
naked man is arrested on police dashcam video after he 'caused $1,700 in damage when he kicked and urinated on two patrol cars' in florida.
florida man walking down the highway naked after he fled the scene of a crash
florida man uses son to steal from lowe's, ditches boy at store
naked florida man flees accident, then damages two police cars
florida man on jet ski encounters swimming bear
florida maintenance man stabs resident over dog poop
florida man tows flaming boat down the highway
florida man threatens man with machete to go buy beer from walmart
florida man stabs another florida man over dog poop
florida man stabs resident in fight over dog poop.
a florida man wanted to go to hooters so badly that authorities say he told 911 dispatchers he needed a ride to the restaurant because his grandmother had just suffered a stroke in the parking lot.
florida maintenance man stabs resident in fight over dog poop
florida man rides to publix in the most floridian transportation
florida man bounce house deflator charged with disorderly conduct and trespassing
florida man cvs shopper shows obscene video to cashier
florida man killed mom's pets after parents didn't give him $50, police say
florida man who teaches driver's ed arrested for drunk driving
florida man decides to hit on cvs cashier by showing her a cellphone video of him committing a lewd act on himself.
florida man distracts police with  chicken dance  so pal can flee
florida man has 15 bottles of motor oil...in his pants
florida man manages impossible feat: stays alive, harms no animals while walking more than 2,000 miles in a year.
florida man calls 911, says he needs a ride to hooters because his grandmother suffered a stroke.
florida man makes a fake 911 call to get a ride to hooters
florida man and woman lose their pet emu
florida man arrested after calling 911 for a ride to hooters.
florida man hits alligator with airplane
79-year-old florida man holds up bank to buy food, pay motel bill
florida man stuffs 15 bottles of motor oil, 30 dvds down his pants at 7-eleven
florida man pees in a mailbox.
florida woman arrested after allegedly throwing cup of cream soda at florida man
florida man collared by deputies after feud over doggie doo-doo, officers say
florida man posts hate signs in front of home
florida man calls 911 for ride to hooters, gets ride to jail instead
florida man arrested after sleeping in stranger s garage
drunk florida man arrested after breaking flower pots
florida man pilot hits alligator while landing plane at orlando executive airport
florida man kills alligator with plane while landing at orlando airport
when florida woman shows up for a booty call, there'd best not be another woman in your bed, florida man.
florida man arrested after hiding 15 bottles of motor oil and 30 dvds in pants
florida man with face full of tattoos charged with stealing car
sheriff on deputies killing florida man: 'we shot him a lot'
florida man tattoos trump's face on leg,  loves  it
florida man goes for a drive with his boat
florida man sets fire to house because roommate would not answer his calls.
love bite? snake bites florida man who tries to kiss it
unknown florida man releases nile crocodiles into south florida's waters
1 florida man, 17 other florida men arrested for lewd behavior in parks
1 florida man, 17 other florida men arrested for lewd behavior in parks
florida man and 17 other florida men arrested for lewd behavior in parks
florida man's nemesis, chicago man!
florida man -- a 78-year-old security guard -- hits condo resident over a parking ticket with his car
florida man films monkey in his backyard
florida man, 71, accused of killing neighbor s grass with chemical
florida man steals 15 quarts of oil and 30 dvds in his pants as a detective watches (w/ video)
florida man distracts police with chicken dance so pal can free.
florida man just jackin' it the florida man way
must be a florida man
florida man busted during raid while on facebook live
florida man breaks into store, drinks milk and watches tv
florida man scolded by mother for practicing martial arts in house, roundhouse kicks her in the head knocking her unconscious
florida man only took the cheap stuff
naked man masturbates on excavator on a florida highway
florida man pleads guilty to breaking into secret service car
florida man allegedly stole car on his birthday, returned it
florida man charged with trying to kill mcdonald s manager over his food order
shirtless florida man tries to hijack bus, punches passenger in pinellas county; incident caught on camera
florida man finds cure for diabetes and depression.
florida man is in custody after police say he was seen throwing pipe bombs into a jacksonville dentist's parking lot.
florida man out on bail after 'hog-tying' child, chucking her into back of truck.
florida man miami  joker  lookalike busted again   this time for pot
florida man got bills to pay
florida man accused of casino cash-grab crashes while fleeing on i-94
florida man gets cut off in a bar, fought the law and the law won
florida man has bail money
florida man and pope intimate moments.
florida man eats human flesh to cure diabetes and depression.
he-man  qualifies for special florida senate election ballot
florida man whiffs roadside dui test
florida man,  he-man  qualifies for special senate election ballot
florida man working at t-mobile arrested for stealing sex video from customer s phone
mentally ill florida man charged with making threats against trump
florida man masturbates on top of excavator.
duterte is a florida man
florida man shot mcdonald's manager over order
florida man ticketed twice for speeding within minutes in florida keys
florida man escaped an ambulance, climbed an excavator, took his clothes off, and that was just his first escape of the day.
florida man stabs himself with a shoplifted knife
florida man refuses to give police iphone password, gets 180 days in jail
florida man jailed after fight over burger king bill.
florida man does the 'chicken dance' to throw off the police -- and it works.
florida man honors fallen military heroes by cleaning their graves
florida man traps daughters friends in bounce house at birthday party
florida man ruins a girl s birthday party by unplugging her bounce house and trapping her and her friends inside
florida man working at t-mobile store steals sex video from woman's phone
florida man facing charges after eating pancakes in middle of roadway
florida man masturbates on top of excavator in a construction zone
florida man climbs and excavator and starts jacking it above highway.
florida man never disappoints
florida man climbs an excavator and starts jacking it above the highway.
aspiring florida man police officer travels to meet 10-year-old girl for sex, meets undercover deputies instead
police: man fires ak-47 while driving down florida highway
florida man arrested on dui charges
florida man fires ak-47 while driving down palmetto highway
florida man fires ak-47 while driving on florida highway
florida man caught on camera unplugging bounce house as kids played:  could ve hurt them badly 
florida man beaten to death by woman he masturbated at
florida man tries to play gta in real life
florida man opened fire with ak-47 on miami highway
florida man masturbates on crane
florida man pour beer in a gator's mouth
florida man traps tots in bouncy house
florida man wrote on receipt to solicit teen to perform sex act
florida man masturbates outside of a bank and is caught by police
florida man tiger woods arrested in jupiter for dui
florida man arrested on suspicion of dui
florida man named tiger busted for dui
florida man... cleans veterans' headstones, uncovering heroes!
florida man spotted on 275
florida man meets florida man with only one parking spot available. final body count -- one dead and one wounded.
florida man stabs sister, sets home on fire during argument over spice, cops say
florida man tries to run over relative while carrying panties and used condoms on his person
florida man ruins girls party by trapping her and her friends inside bounce house.
south african man plays with rockets, starts florida wildfire.
florida man enters home, and attacks a man who refuses to listen to his sales pitch, charged with assault and battery and burglary
grumpy old florida man unplugs the bounce house at a child's birthday party causing several injuries
florida man throws a baby during an argument
police seek $25,000 swan sculpture stolen by naked florida man
25k swan statue stolen by naked florida man has been found.
25k swan statue recovered after naked florida man stole it, deputies say
florida man strips naked at miami international airport, walks around concourse
florida man elbows a highschooler in the face
florida man leans in to kiss rattlesnake, is immediately bitten in the face
florida man stumps neighbours by covering home in aluminium foil
florida man kills woman with giant penis
naked florida man steals 'swan' worth estimated $25,000
naked florida man seen stealing truck with swan in back
florida man learns the 'puter, immediately uses it to commit some light treason.
florida man reported a dead body by carrying the skull into a publix and using it as a puppet
florida man tattooed as the joker accused of pointing gun at traffic
florida man who hates fun unplugs neighbors bounce house during birthday party trapping children inside
florida man pulls plug on bounce house, trapping kids inside
florida man found these cute little guys!
florida man who loves his children in his lifted f250.   
naked florida man arrested for stealing massive swan statue from storage facility
florida man strips down and steals a $25,000 swan sculpture (video included)
florida man decides that florida does not have enough alligators, he and his fellow florida men decide to breed more and commit 44 felonies in the process.
florida man unhappy with class grade gets caught changing it
florida man who used oral sex as defense is acquitted
florida man calls 911 seeking intelligence info on himself
florida man dui suspect crashes into new 'don't drink and drive' patrol car
florida man arrested after urinating in mailbox
florida man converts to islam then shoots neo-nazi roommates for disrespecting islam
florida man calls 911, allegedly asks to be harassed by an officer
florida man was found  covered from head to toe in pork fried rice and a red sauce  following an attack yesterday by his ex-girlfriend, florida woman
florida man trades candy for kisses with 10 year old boy he teaches- still allowed to teach while on probation
florida man, ucf student accused of changing engineering grade from f to b arrested
florida man ratfucks election
naked florida man steals swan sculpture, caught on video
florida man drives down highway with hood blocking windshield
a florida man told police he killed his two roommates because they were neo-nazis who disrespected his recent conversion [from neo-nazism] to islam, and investigators found bomb-making materials and nazi propaganda after he led them to the bodies."
florida man who blamed gf s death on his large penis found not guilty
florida man and neo-nazi converts to islam, kills roommates for not respecting religion
florida man with a resemblance to steven tyler dresses up like a lady in an attempt to avoid police
florida man given wrong mcdonalds order, kicks teen
florida man cited for driving with suv's hood blocking view
florida man who dropped his pants says he's on mission from god.
florida man eats breakfast in middle of crosswalk; brings chair, table and tv.
florida man throws "medical marijuana party" with 50 pounds of weed, gets arrested
florida man thinks he is the joker, arrested for pointing loaded gun at cars
florida man is elvis presley, touching kids.
florida man kicks 16-year-old in neck over mcdonalds order.
florida man and woman continue their lewd show in cop's presence.
florida man, a "tattoo model," arrested after pointing loaded gun at cars
florida man "joker" accused of waving gun at cars
florida man with face tattooed to look like the joker arrested for pointing guns at cars
florida man had sex with dolphin
florida man gives up car to walk instead, gets hit by car
florida man suffers stroke while driving, and many fellow floridians step in to help!
florida man dresses like a lady to avoid authorities, ends up looking like steven tyler.
florida man threatens to bomb restaurant, shit in patrol car
florida man goes airborne after being shot with taser
florida man killed neo-nazi roommates because they disrespected his conversion to islam, say police
florida man tries to molest cat, stopped by bystander.
florida man kills neo nazi roommates
florida man gets fidgety.
florida man and former neo-nazi, converts to islam, murders neo-nazi roommates.
swan chases florida man police officer around suv
florida man acquitted  of murder after girlfriend chokes on his dick
florida man nazi leader and his jihadi florida man roommate who killed nazis never outgrew 'the nazi stuff' says friend
florida man who use big penis as an excuse in murder case found not guilty.
florida man, employed by sheriff's office, accused of being a pimp
florida man, admitted neo-nazi stopped in keys wanted for making explosives at home
florida man sues james cameron for stealing the story of 'titanic'
florida man and duality
florida man the shirt
florida-man neo-nazi, converts to islam, and then kills his neo-nazi roommates for disrespecting his faith
florida man neo-nazi converts to islam, then kills his neo-nazi roommates for disrespecting his religion.
florida man converts to islam, kills his neo-nazi roommates.
not guilty: florida man with big penis defense is acquitted
florida man kicks teen in the neck after she forgets to order him fries from mcdonald's
not guilty: florida man who blamed big penis for girlfriend's death
florida man fires the undefeated jacksonville shark's head coach
florida man, former internet sensation in 2008 for stealing his grandmother's suv, is back in trouble again.
florida man elected mayor, threatens journalists with his machine gun
florida man crashes car into sheriff's 'don't drink and drive' unit
florida man tries to kiss rattlesnake; gets bitten
florida man converts to islam, immediately kills roommates for disrespecting his faith
new: florida man attacks man, 76, while  ranting about jesus 
florida man found not guilty after girlfriend died giving him oral sex
florida man 'converts' to islam from neo-naziism, kills roommates for being neo-nazis
florida man kills florida woman with genitalia. found not guilty of second-degree murder.
florida man who played in nfl until feb. drug arrest, arrested again for trying to shake down his girlfriend, can't make bail
white supremacist florida man converts to islam, kills 2 supremacist roommates in apparent act of terror. a third roommate was busted in the keys and is suspected of plotting a separate white power terror attack.
18-year-old florida man converts from neo-nazism to islam, kills roommates for disrespecting his religion
florida man sues director james cameron for 'stealing his story for titanic'
florida man sues director james cameron, claims he stole the story of how the titanic sank in 1912
florida man breaks into burger king &amp; drinks gallons of frying oil
florida man leaves hate group to kill new people he hates
florida man and wife ran prostitutes out of illegal sober homes
florida man jokes about aiming twin 50 caliber machine guns at journalists and watching them  cry like little girls  at military conference. also, he's the mayor of tampa, fl.
florida man kills two, takes hostages in a smoke shop and forces them to retrieve soda for him while he points his gun at the security cameras and tells them to make cnn come to the scene.
florida man, mayor, fires blanks from machine gun at crowds, media; laughs at crying reporters
naked florida man puts girlfriend in chokehold and kicks deputy in mouth
florida man got bit by a rattlesnake after trying to kiss it.
florida man "elvis presley" grabs fully clothed child and humps her, spanks another. tells wife he "goofed"
florida man with 20 tattoos wearing hot pink bra arrested
florida man with 20 tattoos, wearing hot pink bra arrested
florida man  keeps pulling his penis out  at the coin laundry
florida woman, 62, and florida man, 55 nabbed for x-rated public romp
florida man 'shoots dead tow company owner after being told he owes $285 for impounded vehicle'
florida man airlifted to hospital after collision with 10-foot gator on highway
masked florida man waiting in driveway points gun at florida woman, smashes her cake
tattooed florida man, 30, wearing "hot pink bra" is arrested by police
judge asks florida man "are you dirty?"
florida man using "big penis defense" may have to show his erection to the jury - crimefeed
florida man at orlando airport (x-post from mildly interesting)
florida man wants jury to see his big penis to show he accidentally choked his girlfriend to death during oral sex
florida man likens medical marijuana legalization to having sex with children
florida man doesn't want to go to jail because there isn't any beer there
florida man steals sausages and jumps off bridge to evade police. gets tazed twice.
florida man bitten on tongue by rattle snake while trying to kiss it
ohio man transforms into florida man.
florida man defecates on warrant after arrest related to deerfield beach shooting
florida man french kisses rattlesnake; things do not go well
florida man attempts to kiss a rattlesnake. surprisingly, this doesn't end well
florida man denies defecating in parking lot despite officer witnessing deed
florida man hits little league coach in head with bat
florida man sentenced to prison for fatal dui crash while having sex with his wife.
florida man compares medical marijuana to legalizing pedophilia
florida man claims his girlfriend accidentally choked to death on his large penis, demands that jury sees it.
florida man rids community of long time parasite
florida man deputy richard wang finds naked louisiana woman squatting in vacant home
florida man wrangles massive python in florida everglades
florida man claims girlfriend choked to death during oral sex
florida man called an inspiration for fighting terminal cancer diagnosis by finding true love. finding it multiple times with several soulmates, that is, each of whom don't know about the others. also he might not have cancer at all.
florida man bit on tongue by rattlesnake...
florida man juror: 'holy spirit' said former congresswoman corrine brown not guilty
florida man driven to child sex sting by mother, brings condoms and xbox
florida man is timeless source of humor
florida man bitten on tongue by rattlesnake
florida man disguises himself as a senior citizen to rob a bank
florida man wants to show his penis to a jury in a murder trial to try to avoid conviction
florida man bit on tongue while trying to kiss rattlesnake in putnam county, neighbor says
florida man tries to kiss rattlesnake; gets bitten - bbc news
florida man strikes again. credit to, bbc america news.
florida man murders girlfriend, claims she choked to death on his penis
florida man drank a cafe latte, a diet mountain dew and an energy drink. caffeine killed him.
do you have a neighbor who is a "florida man" or "florida woman" ? if so, did they get in the news or just are wild?
florida man urinates inside neighbor's mailbox
florida man told deputies he didn t want to be arrested because the jail in vero beach doesn t serve beer
florida man accused of torching patrol car as 'welcoming mat' for new sheriff
florida man does a back flip off a car and almost lands in moving traffic
florida man has innovative use of the 911 system, calling for a ride to see his wife taylor swift.
florida man drives erratically, smashing into cars, then hits a kid on a bicycle and drives away
florida man loses his cool
florida man takes a vacation
florida man bitten on tongue by rattlesnake
florida man entrusts the safety of our president to a cop who owes millions after paralyzing an unarmed florida man. wcgw?
florida man who changed his name to  harambe junior  arrested for indecent exposure
florida man charged with raping 8-year-old said 'provocative clothing' suggested consent
heroic florida man k-9 takes bullet for his partner
florida man hangs puppy by neck for chewing shoe.
florida man in his 20s is facing charges after authorities say he disguised himself as a senior citizen to rob two banks
florida man - lawyer, lawyer, pants on fire
florida man records gator devouring a large fish at a golf course
florida man on trial for girlfriend's choking death wants to show penis to jury.
florida man steals ambulance, leads police on chase
florida man crashed into parked car while skydiving
florida man wanted to 'run the arabs out of our country'
florida man steals his mom's car to go pick up his dad from jail; both arrested
florida man is the victim this time.
ex-nypd cop is nude florida man in dead-shark hump mystery
florida man crashes into fire hydrant and drowns on 89th birthday
florida man drowns in freak accident after hitting fire hydrant
florida man says his big penis killed his gf and now he needs to show it to the jury.
florida man wrestles 16-foot python with his bare hands
florida man teen pretends to be anime character, chases girl, gets arrested
florida man starts sexual harassment of a teacher, florida man and florida woman join in, florida school district doesn't care
florida man starts sexual harassment of teacher, florida man and florida woman coworkers join in, florida school district fires the teacher for reporting it
florida man arrested for driving backwards but in right direction
florida man allegedly robbed banks disguised as elderly person
florida man hits a fire hydrant then gets sucked underground by the broken hydrant
florida man charged with planning to bomb target stores in plot to gain financially from drop in stock price.
florida man crashes into fire hydrant and drowns on 89th birthday
florida man caught on camera stealing hundreds of dollars worth of red bull
florida man steals $300 in red bull in north fort myers
florida man dresses as anime character to surprise kids after school.
florida man charged with plotting to bomb target stores
florida man dials 911, asks to be deported
florida man charged with murdering girlfriend says she choked to death on his penis, wants to show penis to jury
florida man does donuts on i-95, hilarity ensues
florida man shoots flare gun into random home
florida man crashes into fire hydrant and drowns on his 89th birthday - pay your respects to this poor florida man
time traveling florida man born in 1998 arrested for breaking into houses in florida in the 1930's.
ocoee city is the latest community to try to stop florida man from spinning signs.
florida man uses large penis defense in murder trial. it may work
florida man finds out that prostitute he ordered is his wife
florida man golfer accidentally kills duck with powerful drive
florida man breaks into home, ends up being held at gunpoint by residents in the bathtub until cops show up.
florida man drowns in freak accident after his car hits a fire hydrant
florida man chokes girlfriend to death with his penis
florida man breaks into home; shot by entire family
florida man store clerk accused of stealing winning lottery ticket from customer
florida man high on meth locks himself in car not his and tries to hotwire it as police approach; despite keys being in ignition
florida man accused of attacking customers at the mcdonald's he's manages
florida man uses deodorant in store and returns it to shelf for next unsuspecting florida man.
florida man attempts big-penis defense
florida man accused of murder asks to show jury his penis as evidence girlfriend died during oral sex
florida man says it's not him nude humping a shark
florida man with grandchildren in iowa has been arrested and charged with threatening to kill iowa s governor and four other state officials
florida man tries to update registration sticker with marker
just in: florida man foiled trying to  renew  his auto tag
florida man hits hydrant with mercedes g300, gets out, water pushes him under suv, dies
an 11-year-old florida man found meth inside a copy of grand theft auto v
florida man with ironic name killed by water
florida man insists he's not the naked guy humping the shark in that photo
florida man, football coach insists he's not the naked guy in the photo humping a shark
florida man, football coach insists he's not the naked guy humping a dead shark in the photo
florida man charged with stealing car. but he tells cops it was a  rock rental 
florida man driver renews his own license plate with permanent marker
florida man: 'sir, i'm not going to lie; i sell dope'
young florida man finds meth in used copy of gta 5
florida man sues hospital after it threw away his leg in trash
florida man impairs himself with a stolen knife while evading police
florida man is stuck with a duck that showed up at his home and hasn't left
florida man impales himself on a stolen knife while fleeing police
florida man sentenced to prison for running largest global child porn darknet site
florida man uses sweetest attack weapon of all: gummy bears
porn moguls suing florida man nba champ because of rat feces
spirit airlines cancellations at florida man airport cause chaos
florida man and woman caught sun bathing in orlando.
florida man is eager to show penis to jury in murder trial
florida man renews vehicle tag with permanent marker.
florida man, florida woman pose as adele's manager to cop free tickets to big concerts
florida man and florida woman cause chaos at ft. lauderdale - hollywood airport after spirit airlines cancels multiple flights
times are changing, or at least florida man is...
florida man has international accomplices in essex girl and saxony man.
florida man choked gf to death w/ cock, will show cock to jury in defense proceedings
florida man arrested for threatening to kill branstad, other iowa officials
florida man massage therapist arrested; accused of performing sex act during massage
florida man fondles then fatally punches woman
florida man pulls his pants down in front of the church because "the lord told me to."
florida man learns a painful lesson as the 9-year-old he was trying to kidnap took a bite out of crime
loud boom and car s in the living room,  says florida man
florida man woken out of bed early sunday morning by sonic boom of top secret unmanned military space shuttle.
naked florida man humps dead shark
florida man claims his girlfriend asphyxiated while performing oral sex on him, and wants to show the judge and jury the murder weapon in his pants as proof of his innocence.
florida man's pet zebra escapes, injures another florida man in a yet another florida man's back yard, leading to viral video.
florida man bites dog, and then the story gets weird. well, not that weird for florida man, perhaps.
florida man will only hire "whites and hispanics"
florida man threatens to sue state legislature
florida man senator resigns from office for use of racial slur in front of black lawmakers
congratulations to the winners of the /r/gameofbamds florida man song contest
florida man killed after using plenty of fish dating app
florida man says he used bow and arrow to kill squirrel after it 'gave me a look'
florida man gets 30 years for running child porn website
florida man steals a knife from lowes, accidentally stabs himself with it and dies while running away.
florida man finds new, persistent pet
florida man strikes again in pbc
florida man thinks removing stop signs for his youtube channel is a hilarious prank, gets arrested.
florida man exposes penis during vero beach church service
florida man allegedly put co-worker in choke hold for talking to his girlfriend
3-year-old florida man found wandering outside at 2 am in a diaper and carrying a blanket.
florida man fired from police force for waving weapons, quoting denzel washington
florida man and florida woman drink the second worst water in the us. in your face, flint!
a florida man has been charged with animal cruelty after authorities say he lured a neighbor's cat into his home, mutilated it and then hung it over an adjoining fence.
florida man lures cat into bedroom, then mutilates it and hangs it from a fence, police say.
florida man from new york rants about florida's alligators in hilarious video
florida man, accused of murder, wants to show his penis to the jury to prove alleged victim accidentally choked to death during oral sex
florida man meets florida zebra
florida man created the world s largest child pornography website has been sentenced to 30 years in prison
florida man crashes car into zebra.
florida man arrested for allegedly forcing wife into prostitution, molesting teenager
florida man has a winning combination of tattoos
florida man dances around in his boxer shorts, rams deputy's car, gets tased and says 'nuclear bombs are coming'
drunken florida man pulls himself over, asks to be arrested
the 6 "florida man" factions
florida man has dog trainers license revoked after greyhounds test positive for cocaine
florida man passes laws....
florida man dogs test positive for cocaine
florida man tries to set convenience store on fire to  run the arabs out of our country,  sheriff says
florida man exposes himself to woman after purse snatching
florida man working at walmart uses break to invade home
florida man arrested after calling off wedding, allegedly hitting fiancee
florida man fondles, fatally punches woman, authorities say.
florida man caught selling drugs online through dark web.
florida man scooter driver uses cell phone as headlight, is stopped
florida man can't stop breaking into houses and huffing paint
florida man finds 200 panties missing from his store
florida man steals 200 pairs of panties
florida man arrested at youth soccer game.
florida man gets 45 years for infant son's life
florida man stopped by police attempting to sleep in tree in ohio suburb
florida man becomes the subject of a poem
machete-wielding naked florida man attacked mailboxes
florida man sets purse on fire, knocks out power to neighborhood
florida man continues quest to have trump declared mentally unfit
florida man drove drunk at 87 mph in a 45-mph zone with three kids in the car, police said
florida man breaks into a burger king and drinks gallons of deep frying oil
florida man charged with manslaughter after punching a woman at a bar
florida man bills would let citizens remove textbooks that mention climate change and evolution
florida man charged with causing a water tower to leak after shooting it with his rifle while "impaired".
florida man attempts to sleep in bay village tree
florida man stabs co-worker in face after girlfriend called a  hooker 
florida man who had sex with horse at mississippi ranch says the horse  seduced him 
florida man builds beautiful fence.
florida man allegedly almost beats another man to death for not lifting his shirt up
naked florida man wielding machete in neighborhood arrested
a not florida man testing something.
florida man convicted of killing former florida state mascot over gumbo recipe
florida man delivering baby made an eight minute call to his stockbroker.
florida man asks police to arrest him for dui
florida man goes to wisconsin, steals semi tractor, crashes semi tractor
florida man (teen) hides inside walmart after painting male genitals on car
florida man, desperate for musical fame, sells his non-existent record on discogs for $18,000
florida man has sex with woman, then steals her gaming consoles
florida man crashes stolen semi-tractor in wisconsin
florida man steals semi-truck, crashes it in wisconsin.
in the 1920's, florida man was rejected by a girl, so he decided to spend the rest of his life building a stone castle for the girl that rejected him.
florida man is bananas
florida man breaks into a burger king and drinks gallons of deep frying oil
man accused of setting girlfriend's purse on fire, causing power outages   florida mang
florida man accused of setting girlfriend's purse on fire, causing power outages ( hialeah floreeda, mang )
florida man incites riot, killing 7
sheriff: florida man cooked meth onto pottery to ship from mexico to fl.
shoeless florida man tries to break into shoe store and loses
florida man ruled not guilty by insanity for murdering his mom, could now get her life insurance policy
just randomly decided to google "florida man". the top three most recent headlines pretty much sum it up.
video: florida man attacks bus driver who wouldn't let him ride for free
florida man scalps the casino
florida man tries to mail 10 pounds of pot candy through ups, police say
florida man throws jewelry box at baby during fight about dinner, arrest report says
florida man caught on camera stuffing pillow case filled with puppies into drain
florida man bites firefighter's arm, ripping skin off from elbow to wrist, officials say
florida man, angry over chicken cost, shoots popeye's worker in leg
florida man gets idea to rob jewelry store dressed in drag.
florida man vs. florida man: rick scott takes on bill nelson at the nra convention, because of course
florida man pleads guilty to felony charges for activities in inauguration day rioting
florida woman and florida man meet up using meet me
florida man gets 11th dui
florida man stabs former fsu mascot to death with sword over gumbo recipe
florida investigators unsure whether to arrest florida man who asked 10-year-old girl for pics of her boobs
florida man to cops: i put a finger to his head in crowded bar, not a gun
florida man says he stole forklift because it was better than walking
high school aged florida man suspended for 'slaves for sale' craigslist ad with photo of clay county high schoolers
florida man punched and shot popeye's employee because the meal "cost too much"
florida man returns from stint in syria fighting for isis; unexpectedly prosecuted
florida man and florida man (both teachers) arrested on underage sex charges with the same high school student
florida man shoots little sister after she gave him a birthday hug
florida man launches "catch a florida python, win a t-shirt" contest, no training required
florida man snorts cocaine in front of cops as wildfire rages
florida man arrested after crashing van, while on fire, en route to a home robbery
florida man arrested after running into building on far to save beer
florida man runs into burning building to save 2 cans of beer
florida man tries to kiss cottonmouth snake, hospitalized after bite
florida man sues school system for putting disabled students in a box.
florida man accused of fighting for isis in syria could face prosecution in us | world news
florida man tows a boat
florida man spends his one day off cleaning veterans' tombstones
florida man with crack in buttocks arrested
florida man convicted of murdering former fsu mascot in fight over gumbo spices
deputies: florida man used neighbor's wi-fi to make bomb threats
florida man allegedly throws fire extinguisher at disabled veteran
florida man "tows their boat."
florida man and woman open business with incredibly racist name, refuse to accept this fact.
florida man arrested after trying to carjack deputy driving unmarked car
florida man named dusty  wildman  crum catches 14-foot-long python in state's snake hunt
florida man gets in one heck of a hockey fight
florida man opens a restaurant called "porch munchies"
florida man allegedly pushes woman, makes anti-semitic remarks and says he's 'german royalty'
florida man doesn't need a standard trailer to tow his boat.
florida man invents way to clean air using artificial photosynthesis.
i love my florida man thread folks. can any one help out.
florida man distributes 'white lives matter' around his neighborhood.
florida man distributes 'white lives matter' flyers around his neighborhood.
florida man fleeing police hits pump at gas station, sparks explosion
florida man convicted of killing former fsu mascot in gumbo spice dispute
florida man jeweler shuts down his shop, pawns all his customers' nice watches.
florida man robs bank, is busted after stopping for beer near crime scene
florida man breaks in to home to drop off his underwear.
florida man charged with stalking, burglary after stealing neighbor's panties
florida man drops baby to join in fight
florida man uses scrotum to help girlfriend apply make up
florida man, 73, punches cop, shouts 'i'm a grown f*ck*ng man'
florida man attacks navy veteran, beats a turtle to death.
florida man walks up to unmarked cop car, snorts cocaine during wildfire evacuation because florida
florida man claims syringe is for injecting marijuana (song)
florida man, rapper kodak black, burped excessively in anger management class.
florida man fails to notice a fatal plane crash at his airport for 22 hours.
naked florida man wants his clothes back
florida man cries nimby to two 'sober homes' in his neighborhood. you might also if it happened to you.
florida man quits government job, has promising rap career
port st. lucie resident fighting houses full of proto-florida man on his block.
florida man "allegedly" punched baby
florida man (cop) shoots retired librarian during  shoot/don t shoot  training. he used live rounds instead of blanks. (x-post /r/videos)
hooters 'calendar girl' and playboy 'miss social' were disgraced florida man senator's paid consultants
florida man convicted of killing former fsu mascot in gumbo spice dispute
florida man arrested after losing cobra (still on the loose)
florida man accused of biting dog
florida man tells son god told him how to handle the police.
florida man arrested for biting off chunk of man s ear in argument over beer
florida man resigns from state senate after thinking it was okay to refer to his political opponents as "n-words"
florida man threatens teens with gun over noisy car, punches them
florida man resigns from state senate after calling colleagues n*****s
florida man arrested after stealing neighbor's underwear
florida man has been arrested after he allegedly broke into a woman s vehicle and home to leave underwear he wanted her to wear
florida man] worried about zombies breaks into home, steals pink selfie stick.
tennis match interrupted by nearby florida man and woman making loud sex noises
florida man on trial for allegedly killing former fsu mascot with a sword over gumbo seasoning
florida man sells zoo, animals included, on craigslist.
florida man employs the homeless
just in: florida man sets his underpants ablaze in walmart bathroom, chaos ensues
florida man has loud sex, gets tennis match cancelled
florida man, elected state senator, defends calling political opponents "niggas"
florida man state senator curses at black lawmaker   and refers to fellow republicans as  niggas 
florida man pulls over cop he's impersonating
florida man arrests 10 year old autistic boy after his school reported that he 'kicked and scratched' a teacher
after using n-word in front of black colleagues, florida man state senator faces calls to resign
florida man allegedly impersonates cop, pulls over real officer
florida man allegedly impersonates officer, pulls over real policeman
florida man fights house fire while holding beer.
florida man fights house fire while holding a beer.
florida man picked wrong day to crash into airport fence -- with air force one parked nearby
florida man, two of his buddies break into college football stadium to "hang out and drink beer"...in april
71-year-old florida man has his legal defense of the 'devil really had control of him' fail as he tried to bribe a 14-year-old girl to have sex with him. it looks like he won't be having sex with girls for at least ten years.
florida man accused of biting another's ear off during argument over beer
florida man allegedly sets parents  house afire, sits down to watch it burn
florida man allegedly shoots, robs friend; friend covers for him
florida man captures and kisses poisonous snake; gets bitten.
florida man impersonates police officer, pulls over undercover cop
florida man pulls over real police officer while pretending to be one
florida man breaks into house, fries a chicken for dinner
florida woman comes home to find florida man frying chicken in her kitchen.
florida man, state's leading economist on sporting events, isn't an economist
florida man (2015) a psychedelic jaunt
florida man puppet fills in for missing florida senator at town hall
florida man high on meth cuts off genitals, feeds then to gator.
florida man high on meth, cuts off genitals and feeds them to gator.
florida man steals robs strip club for viagra and jewelry.
florida man cracks safe at local strip club, proceeds to steal viagra.
florida man x2 with online feud meet in person and kill one another
florida man attempts to play the sovereign citizen card with a judge
florida man caught having sex with horse at mississippi ranch claims  it seduced him 
florida man apologizes before stealing iphones from store, police say
florida man threatens lowes workers with ak-47 over online order
florida man 20, chokes 75 yr old woman with dog chain during their dog walks
florida man 20, chokes 75 yr old woman with metal leash in dog walking incident
florida man wants a $2 haircut
florida man gets radical
florida man playing 'traffic cop' pulls over unmarked car
florida man and florida woman among worst driving and phone use offenders in u.s.
florida man tries to buy human skin on facebook
ever been so drunk that you don't even remember crashing your car with a bac of .417 and scalping yourself? that's how florida man do.
florida man plumber says 1/4-pound weed, 32 grams of cocaine is for personal use
florida man breaks into home, fries chicken, drinks booze, gets caught.
florida man accidentally shoots girlfriend on the way to shooting practice.
florida man in clown mask and florida man in wolf mask rob 7-eleven at gunpoint
florida man, undeterred by will of 71% of florida electorate, writes bill to make medical cannabis nearly impossible to legally obtain for florida patients
florida man arrests 10 year old autistic child
florida man crashes car into store, 'scalps' himself
florida man emasculated during failed attempt to rape pitbull
florida man spends 20% of presidency on vacation
florida man treated for hypothermia after hiding from deputies in a/c duct
florida man tells cops large amount of drugs for personal use
florida man police impersonator pulls over miami-dade police detective
10-year-old florida man with autism arrested in okeechobee
florida man sues verizon for $72m   for letting him commit identity theft
florida man makes me proud of my state
australia man farts in florida woman's face
police: florida man drops own poop into laundromat washing machine
florida man goes out for a bicycle ride with his wife, is arrested for being one of the richest drug dealers in us history.
florida man loses testicles after trying to fill scuba tank with weed smoke
florida man bamboozles teens with pot brownies
florida man arrested after going awol 45 years ago
florida man dies in early morning house fire
florida man on another subreddit.
cops: florida man posts party invitation on snapchat, 200 underage teens arrive &amp; it's not florida man's home
florida beach man arrested after punching windshields
florida man arrested after punching windshields
florida man sees colors for the first time
florida man uses stolen truck to crash into gun store!
where florida man lives, of course.
rip florida man: florida man hit in head with beer bottle, dies.
florida man gets stuck in an elevator during an affordable housing tour in miami
florida man gets into fight at high school lunchtime, receives pepper spray shower.
florida cat gives florida man a run for his money in miami marlins outfield
florida man haten on trump for some change, stoped to pose for a pic. seemed pretty proud of his signage...
florida man offers to buy human skin in facebook garage sale ad.
florida man charged after his kid crashes car into canal, baby inside
florida man arrested for pot brownies sold at daughters high school
florida man calls police after break in, cops then discover grow house
florida man overdoses at wawa with toddler in the backseat
florida man accused of filming naked woman at south florida tanning salon
florida man loses testicles tryimg to fill scuba tank with weed smoke
florida man loses testicles trying to fill scuba tank with weed smoke
florida man accused of intentionally running over 20-pound dog and owner retaliates
florida man scams people while claiming to work for anti-scamming agency
florida man allegedly attacks stranger who refused to be his chauffeur
florida man dies after being hit with beer bottle during florida bar fight
hey musicians, reddit's longest running music competition, r/gameofbands , is doing this round's songs about florida man
florida man caught sexing up florida man in state capitol building
florida man sets record for: shortest. police chase. ever.
florida man bets $50, wins $100,000, keeps $0.
florida man fired for workplace violence returns to kill former coworkers.
florida man defiles washing machine at soapy's coin laundromat
florida man has a message for heroin dealers.
florida man fights brush fire with airboat
florida man killed after 'shooting 2 at an equinox'
florida man lets 13-year-old drive with 2-year-old passenger, car ends up in canal
florida wom(man) is drunk and needs waffle house now. high school chauffeur is enlisted.
florida man (woman teacher) is drunk and needs waffle house fix now. enlists high school chauffeur for transport.
florida man dresses as deputy and goes to walmart
florida man lets florida woman push his buttons, and it costs him $100,000
fresh express recalls batch after florida man (or woman) finds dead bat found in prepackaged salad
florida man has playboy, needs girlfriend
florida man shoots up coworkers at gym after getting fired from his personal trainer job
florida man denied $100,000 jackpot because friend hit button instead
florida man beats 9 month old labrador puppy to death for "messing up the house"
florida man gridlocks city with a lawnmower
florida man finds out it matters not that it was his money in the slot machine that paid off $100k. the video tape showed the woman he was canoodling with pushed the button, therefore she gets the money.
florida man rides up to the scene with his trusty sidekick
florida man sues to keep inflatable mario
florida man sues town to keep inflatable mario
florida man won't be caught!!!
florida man is looking to rent his house, just replace the walls and roof
florida man helps amputee up stairs, then returns to build ramp
florida man police officer flees from mouse in cctv footage
florida man warned for bringing roadkill gator into dorm room
florida man does his best leaning tower of pee-sa impression
florida man shot in daytona beach on wednesday shot again friday
florida man, multilevel marketing and cryptocurrency - what could go wrong?
florida man launches war on syria
florida man sues to keep inflatable super mario outside business
florida man won't be caught!!!
florida man brings gun to broom fight
florida man flies off bridge with stolen sausage
florida man relocates to ohio.
florida man stabs girlfriend with sword then runs her over.
florida man, friends bring dead gator into dorm room
florida man taunts police with  good luck  message, it backfires
florida man shark has a taste for georgia peaches
florida man blocks traffic with stolen skate ramp, tells cops to fuck off
naked florida man enjoys bottle of wine in his driveway, gets arrested
florida man gets arrested for eating pancake breakfast in the middle of road
florida man found dead after hitting boyfriend and cat with hatchet.
florida man, once banned from and then reinstated at walt disney world, also gets banned from universal studios orlando
florida man killed attempting to rape alligator.
florida man brings a chainsaw to a knife fight!
florida man busted for indecent exposure for taking out his trash while naked and making lewd gestures
florida man busted after taking out his trash while naked and making 'lewd gestures'
florida man steals 3 tvs, makes daring bicycle getaway
florida man &amp; florida woman discover florida!
florida man steals sausage from publix, jumps off bridge.
florida man startled awake by dog accidentally knocks gun to the ground, gets shot in thigh
florida man mistakes 66-year-old tourist for car thief, shoves his head into door
florida man caught taking out trash naked charged with indecent exposure
a theory on the origins of florida man.
florida man stabs woman with sword. so florida
florida man denies breaking a window, saying it must've been that shifty cat.
florida man kills girlfriend with sword
florida man discovers that not everything floats in the sewer
florida man hits the trifecta, brings machete &amp; gun to shoplift at a walmart
florida man kills stepson after argument over chili dog
florida man arrested again for crashing into waffle house
florida man songwriting competition is about to start on /r/gameofbands - everyone welcome
florida man fans dressed as steve austin, ultimate warrior have full match in wrestlemania 33 crowd
florida man goes on murderous rampage while wearing chicken mask
florida man stomps on old woman's head six times
florida man drives his car - w palm beach
florida man drives his car - west palm beach
arkansas man, the long-lost cousin of florida man
arkansas man, the estranged cousin of florida man, shoots himself in the genitals while staying at a hotel
florida man retires the undertaker
florida man gets beaten with his own bat
florida man hits a bus then a police car
florida man (original song) - mitchell stone
florida man shoplifter says he stole because he was buzzed
first florida man spotted on florida beach -- 504 years ago. immediately set out in search of 'fountain of youth', will have to settle for south beach and disney world.
florida man makes white passengers sit at the back of the bus
florida man posts online ad for  taboo sex,  texts with undercover cop
florida man fire captain rescues dog chained in brush fire; renames him smokey
florida man has a novel teaching method. when a student gets up in his face he spits on him, slams his head into desk and twists his fingers. that's how florida man handles 12-year-olds.
florida man panhandler wishes to thank police for arresting him as the video will be posted to youtube to help him raise money.
florida man(atee) no longer an endangered species
florida man who looks like santa claus arrested on drug charges
florida man, florida woman, take 3 kids along on 1am beating &amp; robbery run
an 11-pound 'blunt' washed up on florida man beach last weekend
florida man sentenced to prison for fatal dui crash while having sex with wife
florida man gets arrested, blames it on wikipedia
florida man robs convenience store to pay for graduation cap and gown
florida man drives to indiana to force woman he met online to marry him
florida man has his priorities in check
awww...baby florida man...
florida man, 24, 'fatally stabs his roommate, 21, after she hugged him goodbye and told him she leaving to move in with her boyfriend'
florida man stabs roommate- found on snapchat
florida man hugs, fatally stabs roommate who was saying goodbye
florida man fakes being an nfl player, scams women into sleeping with him for 3 years!@
florida man sought by police for masturbating in car at wawa in tampa
florida man gets 5 years for having sex with wife while driving drunk, crashing and killing her
florida man stabs female roommate to death during hug goodbye, as she was planning to move back to pennsylvania to be with her boyfriend
florida man steals phone from 4 year old girl at wal-mart
temporary florida man uses shark to open beer can while on spring break, posts it on the internet.
florida man attempts time travel, wrecks dodge challenger instead
florida man kills roommate hugging her goodbye
florida man runs out of gas, steals cop car, runs out of gas again.
florida man kills female roommate during hug goodbye
florida man accused of stabbing roommate to death after she said she was leaving to live with boyfriend
florida man has pretty sweet alias
florida man attempts to escape the friendzone
florida man, disguised as santa, attempts to sell drugs
florida man accused of stabbing roommate
florida man tips fedora
florida man steals cell phone from 4 year old: texts lmao to her father.
florida man accused of stabbing roommate to death after she said she was leaving to live with her boyfriend
florida man decides paying for ribs and fries is overrated.
florida man arrested for assault on a law enforcement officer - with a steel-toed boot
florida man arrested for assault on a law enforcement officer - with a steel-toe boot
florida man decides paying for chicken, ribs, fries and wings is overrated. oh he also stole an empty cash register for reasons still unclear.
florida man imitates bruce lee in nunchuck attack
florida man discovers bale of marijuana on daytona beach
florida man posing as fake florida doctor who  enhanced  buttocks with cement, caulking gets 10 years for manslaughter
florida man arrested in sioux falls for fraudulent credit cards
florida man &amp; woman tell police they are part of illuminati. but i checked the roster, they're not!
florida man made bombs to blow up target stores to lower their stock ad buy cheap shares because florida
florida man finds new use for electricity
florida man caught with 17 lbs. of cocaine and 500 illegal lobsters
florida man hits on cola delivery man while masturbating at 7-eleven
florida man hugs, fatally stabs roommate who was saying goodbye
florida man gets  ryan reynolds  tattooed on his butt in comic sans
florida man college softball coach shoves female auburn player
florida man jeweler locks woman jewel thief in vault; foils $6,000,000 robbery
florida man cited for eating pancakes in the street
florida man, disguised as inmate, almost dies on a 15 day, 8,000 mile ride on a prison transport van. take heart, though, our hero is safe!!!
florida man arrested after not telling friend pot was in cookies
florida man leaves 136 grams of pot within reach of kids
florida woman accused of hitting man in face with birdhouse
florida man allegedly kills girlfriend, shoots 5 people
florida man shoots 6 people, including 2 boys, in sanford neighborhood
florida man leads police to his house, tries to flush marijuana down the toilet
florida man pulls gun on ice cream man who refused fake $20 bill for pickled sausage
florida man kicks off 2020 presidential bid with fake news about sweden terror attack
florida man arrested for eating pancakes in road
pancake prank gets florida man in trouble for stopping traffic
police: florida man cited for eating pancakes in the street
florida man robs home and leaves his shoe behind.
i believe a florida man has immigrated to lake superior's twin ports
florida man burns books, starts 600-acre wildfire
florida man causes 700 acre fire by burning books
florida man punches guy for drumming off beat on the bar to every song.
florida man's rival, virigina man carrying a sword and dressed as joker arrested for wearing mask in public
florida man tears apart badger hearts.
florida man buys pancakes, eats them in city crosswalk
florida man uses shopping cart to evade police
florida man fired from his city plumber job because, and this will be hard to believe, he's not a plumber.
florida man caught with kilos &amp; undersized lobster
florida man ticketed for eating pancakes in middle of street
florida man burning books starts 700 acre wildfire
florida man sues musician over the name of his cat.
florida man steals from woman with disability, spends $9,000 at strip club
florida man moved to canada...
60-year-old florida man wondering shirtless and carrying a catheter bag along mariner boulevard in spring hill
florida man arrested after eating pancakes in roadway, disrupting traffic
florida man who ate pancakes in the middle of a busy street to face two misdemeanor charges.
officer florida man steals b.j., gets away with it.
florida man ate pancakes in middle of busy street, is facing charges, cops say
florida man arrested for eating pancakes at a table in the middle of a busy intersection, blocking traffic (video)
florida man charged for eating pancakes in the middle of the road
florida man arrested for disrupting 'beauty and the beast'
florida man eat pancakes in the middle of the street.
florida man arrested for eating pancakes in the middle of the road.
florida man eats pancakes in middle of road in his pajamas, police unamused
florida man supervises his girlfriend with sawed-off shotgun while she assaults his ex girlfriend over a facebook post
florida man missing after falling off eighth deck of cruise ship at 3 a.m. wednesday
florida man runs across court offense pro tennis game
florida man runs across tennis court during pro game
florida man charged in platte co. after allegedly masturbating in car to photos of driver s deceased daughter
florida man kills mom with baseball bat, knife on her birthday, deputies say
florida man burns books, starts forest fire that destroys 10 homes.
florida man in standoff with police pulled a gun on relatives in dispute over hot dogs
florida man injects stem cells into little old ladies' eyes and causes them to go blind
florida man accidentally destroys more than 10 homes while burning books
florida (wo)man arrested after toddler left in car shoots out window
watch: florida man finds 'toy' gator in garage, turns out to be real, live alligator
florida man arrested for sliding down laundry chute
florida man goes where normal man refuses to go; pulling gators out of a storm drain.
florida man wants his 'cash me ousside' daughter out of hollywood and back at home. we all do.
florida man films second florida man pulling alligator out of sewer
police: florida man placed hidden camera in female airman's bathroom - story | abcactionnews.com | tampa bay news, weather, sports, things to do
no charges for florida prison guards who allegedly locked mentally ill black man in scalding shower
florida man throws ax at father, report says
florida man pulls out baseball bat during road-rage incident
florida man bitten, stabbed in head by his knife-throwing live-in love
florida man suspected of harassing baby panthers, posting it on video
florida man calls 911 to say he s  very high 
florida man accused of selling teen s lewd photos to her brother
florida man kills his mom on her birthday, using a baseball bat and knife
florida man has marijuana coming out of his butt
florida man dies trying to square up with hurricane (posted to a different sun, told should post it here)
sheriff: 1 florida man dead, deputy hurt after fight over donuts
florida man had 'spiritual moment' after killing three people
florida man tased, jailed over nightclub bathroom policy dispute
florida (wo)man calls 911 after being pricked by plant. gets treated on scene and then sent to her doctor.
florida man is facing sexual abuse charges after he allegedly began masturbating in a car after the driver showed him photos of her daughter who she had lost to suicide.
florida man exposed as "con man" who preyed on the elderly.
florida man in standoff with police from dispute over hot dogs
deputies: florida man, florida woman take 5-year-old to bar, get wasted, lose track of kid
florida man and wife are bad parents.
florida man injects women in the butt with drugs claiming they were vitamins
after slashing more than 100 bike tires florida man carved swastikas into several cars
florida man accused of threatening congressman dares feds to arrest him, and they do... on camera.
florida man brings daughter to meet prostitute "for research"
florida man brings daughter to meet prostitute  for research'
florida man takes a nap during traffic stop
latest: florida man gets in dispute over hot dog, leads to hostage standoff
florida man boiled alive in shower by prison guards - who aren't being charged with anything
police action in florida, with sexy results -- florida man and florida woman have sex while on duty and send pics to each other.
florida man spotted in motion... gun up!!
florida man shoots at cops after killing mom's fianc  over donuts
florida man masturbating at playgound had to be subdued by off duty florida sheriff and several florida bystanders
florida man arrested for masturbating in his car across from a playground. you're gonna want to see his photo.
it looks like one florida man will be facing the full measure of justice as florida governor rick scott moves the murder trial of markeith loyd from one prosecutor, who wouldn't ask for the death penalty, to another one who would.
florida man shot at deputies, killed mom's fiance after fight over donuts
florida man officer robs people he pulls over
florida man vows to return to scene of urination
one-eyed florida man arrested for urinating behind business; vows "i'll be back"
florida man beat ex-wife, set house on fire over cellphone
florida man strikes in michigan
florida man accused of giving woman bad butt injection in court
florida man accused of giving woman bad butt injection in court
florida man education board members to reconsider 'ipms' name for new middle school
florida man, wearing a mcdonald's uniform, leaps out of the drive-thru window to assist a customer in distress.
florida man falls out of car; lands in jail
florida man tells police he's standing around smoking crack
florida man arrested after fight over doughnuts that left one dead and one injured.
florida man saves county deputy's life by shooting attacker.
florida man urinates on himself twice in front of police
sneaky alligator hides out in garage, scares florida man
florida man cop arrested after allegedly robbing people he pulled over
florida man scumbag who thinks he's steve irwin has home raided by feds
florida man is accused of biting publix customer and stealing meat
florida man leads police on chase to obtain get bail money.
florida man leads police on chase to get bail money.
naked florida man discharges fire extinguisher in van that was not on fire.
florida man falls out of truck and runs himself over
florida man mcdonald's worker leaps out drive-thru to help driver
florida man shot at deputies, killed mom's fiance after fight over donuts
fight over doughnuts sparks deadly standoff with florida man
florida man goes to houston, brings child to date with prostitute, gets arrested by undercover cop, has his college research paper on prostitution read in court during trial
florida man wagers that he can travel 900 miles on an alligator's back. - (july, 1900)
adam carolla show watches a florida man profiled on wheel of fugitive
florida man sperm may contain zika, cdc says
florida man who set fire over store's orange juice selection wanted to 'run arabs out of our country'
school-bus driving florida man tells one of the kids on the bus that he's going to hell because of his two mommies, and that they would be joining him there because god doesn t like gay people.
florida man opens cage letting out venemous pet cobra; snake now on the loose in ocala
florida man convicted of $2,000,000 lego heist caught in chicago in duplicate scam
florida man convicted of $2,000,000 lego heist nabbed in chicago in duplicate scam
florida man sets up human suggling ring to get rich on baseball
florida man attempts to burn down convenience store believing the owners were muslim, and not carrying his favorite orange juice.
florida man attacks 69 year old veteran with truck lug wrench; scares his dog away, pooch now missing
florida man says:  we heard a kapow. it sounded like a gunshot. then a catfish landed on the ground. 
florida man discussed shooting he was involved in on snapchat
florida man get a highway closed with spilt chicken bones.
under radar, florida man politicians spent $240m on lawyers
cdc requests every florida man to not donate sperm
cdc to every florida man in 3 counties: do not donate sperm
naked homeless florida man found in storage shed behind children's world daycare, says he lives there
florida man sets store on fire to keep  arabs out 
r/florida man takes police on chase that ends in front of my work today
florida keys man steals forklift because he "needed to drive"
florida man earns minimum wage plus length bonuses during the python hunt.
florida man tried to burn down store he inaccurately thought was muslim-owned, wanted to do 'his part'
florida man just needed something to drive
florida man cop arrested for armed robbery of drivers pulled over for traffic violations
beads of sweat give away speeding florida man who said he was delivering friends  forgotten pot and ecstasy
florida man tries to set convenience store owned by indians on fire to  run the arabs out of our country,  sheriff says
florida man candidates win by helping voters find &amp; cast absentee ballots
repost from r/news. florida man at it again!
florida man joins the police and totally revamps good cop-bad cop routine. now, it's bad cop all the way.
florida man cleaned suv before attending to wife he killed, police say
florida man asks for a lighter sentence after savagely raping a teen girl
florida man resuces bird from tree
florida man robs blood bank, saying "i'm hungry"
florida man tries to strangle detention deputy with towel
florida man accused of setting fire targeting muslims
sweating florida man rates drugs for deputy
pair allegedly beats florida man over $42
florida man strikes again - claims to be police officer then slashes tires.
florida man pants catch on fire while defending other florida man in arson case
florida man sheriff seeks out fugitives with spinning "wheel of fugitive"
state prosecutor florida man arrested in drug sting
firefighter florida man tries to bite state trooper during hit and run arrest
florida man lawyer's pants catch on fire during arson trial
florida man in "i have drugs" shirt arrested for drug possession
florida man and uf student body president-elect arrested for damaging motorcycles on a black-out drunk spring break
florida man zoo employee killed while attempting to rape alligator
florida man shoots and kills fellow movie-goer after having popcorn thrown at him
florida man shoots and kills someone texting in the movie theater
florida man (or woman) is leaving dead sharks around town
florida man sets fire at store he thought was owned by a muslim
florida man dies leaving local church his most prized possession: coal
florida man subpoenas florida dog to testify in court
florida man crashes golf cart while trying to run over rooster
florida man charged with arson, defense attorney's pants burst into flames in court
florida man uses electric scooter to steal from walmart
apparently florida man has a brother
florida man attacks brother with a wine bottle for wearing his underwear
florida man finds 5ft long dead shark in walmart shopping cart
nj man caught in florida trying to run over a rooster with a golf cart
florida man lawyer's pants catch fire during arson trial
florida man finds shark in walmart parking lot
florida man pulled over reeks of marijuana; rates weed on scale of 1 - 10 for arresting officer
speeding florida man reeks of marijuana; rates weed on scale of 1-10 for arresting officer
florida man buzzes homeowners with a cruise ship.
florida man wanted for stealing car and 9 baby parrots
florida man backs over self with truck, dies.
florida man attempts to evade arrest by hiding inside his luggage
grandpa florida man settles argument with grand-kids by threatening to stab them.
florida man with artificial arms arrested for rape, beating of girlfriend
florida man with "super-human strength" bites officer, takes five cops to subdue
florida man flees cops to get bail money -- for himself
florida man flees police to get bail money -- for himself
florida man youtube host fires submachine gun from plane into gulf (w/video)
florida man wanted to make target s stock drop, so he hatched a bomb plot, authorities say
florida man relives scene from caddyshack
florida man accused of beating woman for refusing birthday sex
florida man tells officers, 'go ahead tase me'
drunk florida man arrested in key west with no memory of traveling there
florida man finds dead shark in a shopping cart outside of wal-mart.
florida man tests the quality of this table
florida man policeman makes himself sole beneficiary of old man's will
florida man challenges a gator
florida man caught trying to steal an odd item
florida man allegedly raped girl in church during funeral
florida man spat blood at police after fight
florida man and other florida man kill each other after online fight leads to shootout
florida man makes "nigger racing" truck.
consider the most iconic job in the state of florida (the job most associated with the state) and florida man is likely to be a special education teacher.
florida man arrested for keying swastikas onto cars
florida man doesn't fuck alligator.
florida man stole woman from grave, preserved and lived with her corpse for 7 years
florida man builds buisinesses
florida man keeps his hands clean
florida man takes visitors around orlando
florida man racks up sixth nudity arrest in six years; nicknamed the san marco streaker by locals
florida man trying to reunite family with lost home video
handcuffed man steals florida deputy's car
florida man drives himself to hospital after being run down by ex-employee
florida man &amp; florida woman toss human through plate glass window
florida man takes off work to get drunk; gets arrested instead
florida man took off work to get drunk 3 months ago, gets arrested instead
florida man shoots driver after horn honked at him
naked florida man breaks down door, attacks man with vase, police say
2 florida man settle online argument with a shootout
florida man policeman sends woman's nude pictures to her children
florida man attacked in road rage incident caught on video: responds with pipe
florida man in bmw vs florida man in truck; road rage fight caught on video
florida man driving this around on i4 - i don't even know.
hot chicken broth was florida woman's weapon of choice in tiff with man
florida man fired off bb gun while he was being threatened with a real gun in a road rage incident
florida man lays in road, gets hit and killed by a car
florida man arrested after hitting cop with gravel, stealing peanut butter
florida man crashed, but it wasn t in a car. it was a lawnmower.
police track down mud-covered florida man involved in walmart fight
florida man rescues dumpster-trapped raccoon, gives it a lecture
florida man has a busy week
florida man to move to jimmy buffett-inspired margaritaville retirement community
florida man who fought off alligator with golf club receives new customised clubs from cleveland.
florida man spreads the news.
florida man pleads guilty in attempted hacking of clinton foundation
florida man texts police to "announce the availability of controlled substances for sale."
florida man tries to hide from police by zipping himself into a suitcase
florida man allegedly committed lame $25,000 fraud by pretending to be nickelback's drummer
this stain slightly resembles what this subreddit is all about. florida man strikes again
florida man steals from 89 year old father to pay for prostitutes
florida man practicing the art of domestic violence.
police: naked florida man breaks down apartment door, assaults resident while naked and on acid.
florida man found naked in van with fire extinguisher
florida man drives around in truck covered in racial slurs
florida man was arrested for tackling, punching and kicking two women after he showed up at a party drunk and high on xanax
florida man arrested after jumping naked out of van
florida man extracts "rat brain" in a dish acts as autopilot living computer
florida man arrested for shooting on street where he was shot earlier
florida man can't even catch a break in tax court
florida man caught stealing by own bodycam! :d
florida man who may have been in a hurry to get to work, drives off for miles with petrol pump nozzle.
just your average night for florida man and his son. beat a pregnant woman and her boyfriend with a shovel and end up in jail.
florida man scammed with promise of unlimited tacos
florida man arrested for repeatedly stealing neighbor's underwear from garage, police say
florida man deposited coke in bank atm
florida man bike theft case solved
florida man steals, sells neighbor s monkey for cash, police say
nickelback drummer victim of fraud after florida man allegedly stole his identity
florida man is nothing if not a total hard partier. if you consider tackling, punching and kicking two women at a party.
florida man is nothing if not a hard partyer. that is, if you consider tackling, punching and kicking two women a good example of partying.
florida man resigns from police force after his body camera records him stealing cash from the wallet of a dui suspect
florida woman prostitute caught having sex behind walgreens with homeless florida man
dear florida man, michigan man would like a shot at the title!
florida man arrested for allegedly impersonating nickelback drummer
florida man forced to resign position after racially insensitive comments and trying to block an investigation. oh, by the way, florida man was the chief of police, was being the operative word.
the florida man who made $1 million by stealing from wallets left in rvs at nascar events.
florida man pretends to be the drummer from nickelback, tries to steal some microphones
naked and sweaty florida man breaks down door, attacks other man
florida man arrested for pretending to be nickelback drummer
florida man is a sovereign citizen and not subject to the government's laws.
florida man tries to strangle his brother over household bills
florida man accidentally damages an atm with a bag of cocaine
florida man accused of stealing, selling neighbor's monkey
florida man attacks woman with pack of cigarettes
florida man who keeps life-size cutout of trump at his house asked to come onstage at a trump rally
elderly florida man arrested for overshare at public beach
florida man with suspended license unaware you can't drive a lawnmower down a public street.
florida man talks to dr. phil about biting couple's faces off
florida man attacks girl scout cookie stand over $20 debt; demands payment in cookies
florida man face-biter said he fled demon-like figure before killings
florida man jailed for streaming murder trial on facebook live
florida man accused of face-biting murder talks to dr. phil (full interview)
florida man refuses to take motorcycle out of hotel room; charged with arson.
florida man deposits cocaine into atm
florida man steals, sells neighbor's monkey for cash, police say
florida man starts 378 person pay it forward chain at starbucks
florida man undresses the minor who robbed his motorbike and posts video on social media.
florida man armed with high-powered rifle opens fire at gas pipeline, is shot and killed by police
florida man uses brazilian jiujitsu to beat the hell out of intruder
florida man good samaritan shoots at gang of robbers, kills one, two accomplices charged with murder
florida man (18 in high school) claims to have bomb and robs wells fargo for ~1400$, then flees on bicycle
florida man smearing their own poop on pier rails so nobody will fish next to them
florida man arrested after smuggling in 54 xanax pills into a jail
florida man, wearing no pants, stops traffic
florida man accused of beating roommate over tv service
florida man takes maserati on "test-drive", never comes back.
drunk gay bashing florida man tells key west couple:  you live in trump country now,  police say
florida man senator doesn't show up at town hall, constituents replace him with empty suit
florida man goes on a murderous rampage over his dog's death
florida man says dog shot girlfriend
florida man gets divorced.
sword-wielding florida man threatens walmart customers in parking lot
florida man fired after woman he met on tinder admits on-the-clock rendezvous
florida man strips in traffic, yells, 'i am god,' wrestles with cops
florida man has funny name
florida man arrested in north carolina for selling fake unc-duke tickets
no charges brought on florida man in killings.
bros before hoes...florida man claims dog shot girlfriend
300 lb. florida man shoplifter tackled at victoria's secret; officer "doing well" at hospital
300 lb. florida man shoplifter tackled at victoria's secret; officer recovering at hospital
florida man offended by 'leg lamp' scuplture
florida man takes maserati &amp; salesman for test drive; loses salesman &amp; maserati
cop breaks knee cap in struggle with 5'6" 300lb florida man victoria's secret thief
florida man angry at girl's tattoo attacks her, sexually assaults male defending her
florida man snapchats his $800,000 arson; can't recall due to a bottle of "captain"
miss miami lakes attacks florida man dj with bat.
florida man pleads guilty to clinton foundation hack attempts
florida man swings swords at walmart customers
florida man takes maserati on test drive, never to return
florida man accuses dog of shooting girlfriend in leg
florida man stabs wife's boyfriend after living with the two of them in a trailer.
florida man arrested on suspicion of hitting sky rat with pvc pipe
florida man claims to have mad cow disease and 'rogue cia agent' after him, fakes death, flees to venezuela, commits insurance fraud, gets arrested.
florida man at it again.
florida man accuses dog of shooting girlfriend in leg.
florida man slaps girlfriend with dildo after she says "you're not a man, you're a mouse" during sex
florida man friend of mine made the news tonight and well, everything about it is florida.
florida man regrets eating pineapple on his pizza
florida man claims dog shot his girlfriend
florida man murdered over pineapple pizza.
florida man, pizzagate investigator accused of clinton foundation hack to plead guilty, of child pornography.
florida man defecates and spreads it on the rail to mark fishing pier territory so nobody will fish next to him
man arrested after swinging swords towards customers at florida walmart
florida man arrested after swinging swords at walmart customers
florida man gets naked on bridge during storm, claims to be god, wrestles some cops
florida man punches 15 year old for egging home
florida man defecates in flowerpot outside delray beach business
fake news] oh florida man...
florida man goes looking for a florida panther
florida man arrested for masturbating vigorously in winn dixie parking lot.
florida man claims to be the devil, tries to torch boat with cigarettes
florida man destroys independent an entire political party
florida man beats wife with sex toy after she criticized his performance.
florida man robbed by date he met at the b-kwik mart; robbers captured at chipotle
florida man wanted a b-kwik date; got b-kwik robbed instead
florida man made up robbery to skip work
florida woman arrested for giving 100-year-old man lap dance
florida man allegedly hit girlfriend with sex toy before punching her
florida man blames florida dog in shooting of his girlfriend
florida man blames the doggo
florida man uses racist home depot sign to sabotage tampa mayor's bid for governor
florida man receives apology letter from ex-girlfriend, proceeds to grade it and send it back
investigators said florida man "taylor hodge, 26, was running around the neighborhood, barefoot, with weapons."
florida man and his girlfriend arrested for killing their landlord and living with the body for two weeks
florida man just wants some goddamn peace and quiet
florida woman cites  inability to perform  before attacking florida man with sex toy
florida man car theft suspect falls out of tree trying to escape
florida man gets arrested for smuggling drugs, skips bail, and starts an entire new life in australia
florida man, riding bike in children s underwear, arrested
florida man is a butt slapper
this florida man salutes a cardboard cutout of trump every morning because he's a normal guy. totally normal. nothing to see here
i saw cholo florida man today
florida man goes up against gator in bid to save dog
being pulled on stage was dream come true for florida man
florida man finds its heaven on earth living with his girlfriend and her husband in the double wide ... until the girlfriend and the husband get into a tiff. when florida man tries to quiet the fracas he gets rewarded with a stabbing.
florida man says starving dog didn't eat due to separation anxiety
florida man fugitive plunges out of window to avoid capture; tells police "it was worth a shot"
florida man arrest-resister foiled by string; weapon caught on back of pants
florida man cable installer tied up in home invasion by thugs disguised as cops
florida man arrested after stabbing roommate, who's also his wife's boyfriend
florida man cuts off cop, gets arrested for drugs
florida man goes to jail over pizza-related robbery
florida man tries time travel
florida man, juvenile charged with throwing piece of 2 x 4 at trump's motorcade
florida man called up on stage at trump rally
florida man plots to blow up target stores for profit
florida man has $170 million lawsuit claiming he was william shatner's son dismissed; no word yet on whether he's going to claim he's leonard nimoy's son.
florida man jailed for 4 years after raking in a million bucks from spam
florida man cop tries to taunt citizen into hitting him
florida man, his wife and her boyfriend live together. things go downhill and there s a stabbing
florida man punches blind relative because he called him by the name "bernard" instead of "ben"
mop-wearing florida man looking for eggs  terrified entire family' | wjax-tv
florida man arrested after hitting seagull with pvc pipe
florida man changes name to harambe junior
florida man arrested for stealing money from toys for tots donation jar
florida man is an activist investor
florida man accidentally banned all computers, smart phones in the state through internet cafe ban: lawsuit
florida woman gets drunk at wedding on two bottles of liquor, almost runs over the best man, punches wedding guests, and exposes herself to deputies
florida man arrested after stalking, throwing dog at woman
florida man plans to bomb syracuse, ny target and other east coast locations to buy cheap shares of target stock.
florida man makes bombs disguised as food; plans to blow up target stores to tank stock, get rich
florida man arrested for stealing from toys for tots jar
florida man gives thousands of toys to animal shelters!
a florida man tried to blow up target stores to hurt the company's stock
florida man explains the truth behind the eye-sore on i-4 in hilarious video
florida man accused in plot to bomb target stores
florida man arrested in alleged target bomb plot
florida man arrested for plotting to bomb target stores
florida man accused in plot to bomb target stores to buy cheap stock
florida man arrested in plot to get rich by bombing target stores
florida man arrested in alleged plot to get rich by bombing target stores in multiple states
the florida man isn't always a bad guy, he takes his breaks :)
florida man with teddy and lotions 'tried to abduct teen'
florida man struck by classroom ceiling tile
florida man charged with aggravated assault after he threw an alligator through a drive-through window at wendy's.
florida man spots loch ness monster in river
navy vet attacked by 3 florida man thugs for defending turtle
florida man arrested for trump assassination video
florida man and two of his buddies arrested for torturing a turtle and beating the disabled veteran who tried to stop them.
florida man falls on hard times, begs for donations from internet for video game
florida man busted for stealilng money from the "toys for tots" jar
florida man caught stealing money from toys for tots jar
jail inmates threaten florida man charged with starving his daughter to death
florida man arrested for stealing money from toys for tots donation jar
florida man forces toddler to eat feces as part of potty training
shotgun-wielding florida man arrested on burglary charge, caught wearing victim's shoes
florida man attempts to plant explosives in target stores to buy cheap stock
florida man braves florida's harsh winter conditions to report live
florida man planed to plant bombs at target stores in order to drive down stock price and purchase shares cheaper, also a registered sex offender.
florida man charged with trying blow up target stores to tank stock
fbi: florida man planned to massacre minorities
arizona man decides to try out being a florida man, mails meth to himself at a hotel address before he gets there, thoughtfully writes return address on package.
florida man comes to georgia.
homeless florida man accused of kidnapping woman - forced her to smoke meth and have sex
homeless florida man accused of abducting a woman forcing her to smoke meth and have sex
florida man lost at nature preserve gets arrested by his rescuers
florida man police officer mistook doughnut glaze for meth, resigns
florida man caught stealing $20,000 worth of textbooks from ucf to pay his rent
florida man caught with child porn also works at disney!
florida man arrested naked with electrical wires attached to his penis
florida man rescues bald eagle from alligator's mouth
florida man in york, pa, drunk in a hotel lobby, ends up breaking a window with his face
florida man surrenders after accidental shooting inside donut shop
police taser 91-year-old florida man
florida man throws dog from moving vehicle on highway
florida man accused of shooting wife in the buttocks for refusing sex
florida man snatches bald eagle from gator's jaws
florida man, woman have their palm beach wedding crashed...by the president.
florida man appears to be on a road trip.
florida man steals 26 cases of red bull
police arrest naked florida man with wires attached to crotch
florida man charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon
florida man arrested for seven billion dollar bank fraud; uses jesus as his defense
influential florida man and college sports fundraiser forces young child to eat own poop
florida man fends off attacking alligator with putter
florida man still loves wife after she tries to kill him.
florida man felon arrested for forcing 3 year old to eat feces during toilet training
florida man sends flowers to dog instead of wife
florida man booed by constituentes in town hall video, also known for sharing misleading stories, bigoted jokes
florida man booed by constituentes in town hall video, also known for sharing misleading stories and bigoted jokes
florida man arrested for throwing an alligator through a window
florida man arrested for kidnapping, claims "handshaking" defense
florida man cop who mistook doughnut glaze for crystal meth gets disciplined
florida man shoots fellow dunkin' donuts customer
florida man drops gun in dunkin' donuts; shoots woman customer
florida man while high on acid gets naked in gym
florida man shoots wife in butt after she refused to have sex.
florida man fights off alligator with putter
florida man caught on video tailgating a woman and flipping her off just before swerving across the highway and crashing his truck into a pole
some guys use their dog as date bait, this florida man used his as an assault weapon.
florida man leaves used condom in playground, 5-year-old florida boy found chewing on it.
florida man fights off alligator with putter
florida man rescues eagle from alligator's jaws
florida man arrested for allegedly forcing toddler to eat his own feces
florida man booed by constituents after saying the elderly have to go before a "death panel" due to the affordable care act
florida man beats off alligator with putter
he had me in the water': florida man beats off alligator with putter | us news
florida man falsely diagnoses patients with cancer for profit
florida man shoots his wife wife in the butt after she refuses sex.... possible nsfw
florida man became a doctor and gave a medical exam to a undercover cop
florida man fights off alligator with putter
florida man discovers that threatening to go full serial killer to the police is not going to help him out of trouble.
florida man pulls bald eagle from jaws of alligator.
florida man ex-cop moonlighted as prostitute while on duty
florida man is killed by two men despite shooting first
florida man sends get well flowers to his dog; wife delivers
florida man sends get-well flowers to dog; wife delivers
florida man sheriff arrested by state troopers
florida man shoots wife in butt over no sex argument
florida man tells authorities he stalked woman for her 'nice butt'
florida man ruins romeo and juliet plot
vaginal pain helps exonerate florida man accused of murder
florida man jailed for having sex with his dog; roommate says abuse went on for years
florida man will soon be without an iconic hangout as the rv stonehenge of tampa bay is being torn down.
florida man crashes car into house, lands safely upside down on couch
florida man, 76, shoots wife in the butt after she refuses sex. ..
florida man restaurant owner admits his employees spit in cops' food because they were "f------ bullies" to him
florida man stabs dog 10 times during dog fight
77-year-old florida man shoots wife in buttocks after she refuses to sleep with him
florida man trapped in garbage truck after sleeping in dumpster.
would be burglar florida man uses 23 hammer hits, 5 body slams and 4 ninja kicks-still foiled by hurricane glass
florida man who tried to steal $7 billion blamed jesus
florida man reportedly dies in fart lighting meth-lab explosion
76-year-old florida man shoots his new bride in the buttocks after she refused to have sex with him
florida man bounty hunter marries woman *and* her teenage daughter.. then goes to pa, runs guns, gets a fake identity.. finally gets caught.
florida man child molester caught when his attempted rape victim repeatedly stabs him
florida man failed to get past impact-resistant glass - epic burglar fail!
76 year old florida man attacks appliance repairman with baseball bat
18 year old florida man goes on 2am neighborhood rampage with two fully automatic ak-47s
florida man takes a dump and bicycles away naked
mayor florida man gets drunk, crashes car into historical lake.
florida woman performs "sex act" on man in courthouse and posts video to social media
florida man attacks woman with a guitar after getting strung out on crack.
florida man sends 7,700 school district w2 forms to hackers just because they ask for them
florida man jumps in canal to escape after committing home invasion. later remembers he cannot swim. proceeds to drown.
florida man attempts to assassinate president elect fdr, kills chicago mayor instead...
florida man says he stole $7 billion because jesus wants him to be wealthy
florida man pays $43,000 for super bowl tickets and gives them away
florida man flees police then carjacks a mother and her infant.
florida man burns and chops up possessions, goes on a joyride, and pours gasoline throughout home
meta]nottheonion, like r/news, censors any news story in which the mods' political side is the one looking bad. florida man disapproves of this.
florida man with gun kills suspected diaper thief at florida walmart | fox news
florida man shoots &amp; kills walmart diaper thief
florida man representative matt gaetz introduces bill to terminate the enviornmental protection agency
florida man dies during "orlando diaper shooting", at walmart of course.
florida man proposes bill to abolish the environmental protection agency.
florida man escapes police car using moves he learned on 'cops', then falls out of tree
florida men attack ice cream man who wouldn't take $20 bill for pickled sausage
naked florida man who ran onto dale mabry died of cocaine overdose
florida man gets 30 years for arson at omar mateen's mosque
florida man and woman wanted for performing sex act on camera outside courtroom she was scheduled to appear in
florida man sues chinese construction company over project in cuba
florida man sporting patriots tattoo on head wanted by cops
florida man decides to assist walmart security by shooting a shoplifter.
florida man pleads guilty to billion-dollar bank fraud after saying jesus wanted to make him rich
florida man introduces hr861 to terminate the epa
florida man arrested with 5,550 packages of heroin, some of which were in packaging featuring president donald trump s face.
florida man as a dealership.
florida man stops to pet cats during police chase, gets arrested.
florida man needs to be defended
florida man fakes a case of mad cow disease
florida man giant gay rapist!
florida man parks truck on top of car to defend family in road rage incident.
florida man parks truck on top of car to defend family in road rage incident, police say
florida man shoots and kills suspected diaper thief at wal-mart.
florida man posts video of him being chased by police to internet; police later find post and arrest him
florida man shoots neighbour's cat because it 'looked at him like he owned the place' | the independent
obese florida man crushes 6yo son by sitting on him as punishment
florida man parked pickup truck on top of car to defend family
champagne-swilling florida man demands jail time for "vacation"
family florida man defends family by driving over violent florida man's car
florida man dressed in bunny onesie steals hundreds worth of supplies from nail salon
florida man attempts to rob bank through drive-thru window
florida man, aka tom brady superfan, is on the loose
who is florida man and why haven't i seen his comic books anywhere?
florida man no longer a deputy after having sex with two married deputies on the job, allowing others to sleep on the job.
florida man parks his pickup on top of camry to end florida road rage incident
florida man shoots pooping cat that 'looked at him like he owned the place'
florida man shoots neighbor s cat because it "looked at him like he owned the place" - wtf
florida man rips out girlfriend s intestines after she says ex s name during sex, cops say
florida man' pit bull harassed by pelican
florida man buried on his birthday. murdered by florida woman who may not remember it. (x post: /r/wtf)
florida man buried on his birthday. murdered by florida woman babysitter.
as seen on "cops": florida man inspired by show escapes after arrest
florida man arrested for stealing a gun, can't commit to college football team on signing day
florida man former assistant state attorney is facing charges that he struck three women because they were  ruining his dining experience  by being loud
florida man rapes a pitbull 100+ times
florida man faces life in prison for $500k catch | outdoorhub
florida man finds 45 pounds of coke in ocean, tries to sell it, busted
florida man invalid votes for president spike outnumbering trump's margin of victory
florida man shoots cat that cat that 'looked at him like it owned the place'
florida man parks pick up truck on top of toyota camry to defend his family
florida man shoots cat that 'looked at him like it owned the place'
florida man parked pick-up on top of car to defend family
naked florida man arrested on roof of construction site
florida man wanted for $400 deodorant and body wash theft
florida man gets arrested, escapes patrol car, climbs tree, falls out of tree, all while handcuffed. tells police he learned escape moves from tv show 'cops'.
florida man no longer a deputy after recording himself stealing money on his own bodycam
florida man gets 5+ years for burying mom in backyard to keep retirement checks
florida man in spongebob outfit breaks into home, stands over sleeping woman
florida man shot cat that "looked at him like he owned the place"
i feel like this belongs here: florida man congressman drafts bill to  completely abolish  the epa
florida man and 24 gallons of water
florida man (and pastor) flees naked when husband comes home early to find him in bed with wife
florida man allegedly hit 3 women, security guard for "ruining his dining experience"
florida man drunk-dials cops, says dog ate hearing aid [action news jax]
south florida man accused of smearing feces on hoa president's car
florida man hits woman with uhaul while huffing dust-off
florida man accused of putting feces on homeowner association president's car
florida man trying to flee deputies attempts to drown a police dog
cops: florida man says he shot cat that pooped in his yard
florida man exposes himself in walgreens, forgets passport photo
florida man who was a deputy sheriff charged with sexual battery while on duty.
florida man shot cat  because it looked at him like he owned the place
florida man convicted at trial of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction and providing material support to isil
florida man jailed for collecting dead brother's pension benefits
florida man wears spongebob outfit while peeping in homes; molests kids.
florida man and his dog injured by bear in yard
florida man goes off-roading ... into a building (and a pool)
florida man disguised as sponge bob arrested after peeping in window, hiding in trash
with the full backing of the nra, florida man may soon have an easier path to proving he shot someone in self defense in what some are calling the "gang members protection act."
florida man escaped prison in 1975, was caught by police impersonating baby who died in 1949
florida man doing what he does best. (x-post r/funny)
florida man gets angry at books, burns three local little libraries
florida man threatens to kill congressman, blames 'voices in head,' officials say
florida man seeks help from singing snake catchers from india
florida man facing life in prison after fishing cocaine out of the sea and distributing it.
florida man passes a joint to a cop while illegally parked in a handicapped spot with a gun in his car.
florida man allegedly shoots step-son in fight over chilli dog
florida man is too fat for jail.
florida man doesn't need a holster.
florida man arrested for having crack in butt
florida man faces life for selling cocaine found at sea
florida man wants your eggs.
florida man, when asked why he had crack cocaine in his car, says: "because i smoke it. don t i look like it? 
florida man kills stepson for chili dog
florida man stabs roommate over  sloppy living habits 
florida man wearing swastika armband at university of florida attacked and robbed after leaving campus
naked florida man tased after threatening a sheriff's deputy with a screwdriver
florida man drives a stolen car to meet with attorney general, seeking pardon
florida man shoots 55 year old stepson over chili dog
mop-wearing florida man seeking eggs terrorizes family
florida man kidnaps boy he thought stole bike. wrong kid, wrong bike
florida man wearing mop on his head  terrifies" neighbors with demands for eggs
florida man allegedly kills stepson over a chili dog
florida man arrested in underwear at hotel for screaming, pulling fire alarm
florida man befriended old lady to steal her dog and off her
florida man cop shoved pills down elderly woman's throat, stole her dog
florida man sees nothing wrong with storing radioactive waste under drinking water supply, national parks
florida man kidnapped teen when mistaking bike for son s
deputies: florida man disfigured in fight over minute maid punch
florida man threatens deputy with screwdriver, naked
florida man doctor arrested at elementary school with meth, guns &amp; knife
florida man tried to kill elderly woman after stealing dog
florida man looks for eggs while disguised as a mop
sleeping florida man hit by slow-moving train
florida man shoots and kills adult stepson in a fight over a chili dog
florida man shoots stepson to death in front of his mother over chili dog argument
florida woman was arrested monday after beating florida man with a paper towel holder and a decorative duck, for eating the last of her cereal.
florida man rides inflatable rubber duck down the street
florida man kills stepson over chili dog argument
florida man stabbed dog because it was barking, police say
florida man, breaks into a home, shits on the floor and jerks off on it.
florida man who called himself "mr. pervert" arrested for cyberstalking
half-headed florida man arrested after setting his mattress on fire
speeding florida man rolls suv over into davie police department parking lot
bald with bearded florida man !
british nuclear missile decides to become florida man/missile, attempts to fly there against orders
batman vs deathstroke deadly fight from | batman the movie | florida man
florida man smuggles drugs, fakes death, and becomes an environmentalist in australia.
florida woman, escort ties up man with phone cord and robs him
florida man arrested for throwing a rock at police during inauguration protests in d.c.
florida man sheriff deputy accused of trying to kill elderly woman he was defrauding
little florida man finds porn in his new psp from walmart
florida man tried to kill elderly woman after stealing her dog and selling it on craigslist
florida man robs bank because he tells wife he'd rather be in jail than at home!
psychic florida man optimistic about trump, compares him to napoleon
florida man threatened to kill trump
florida man gets caught giving butt injections
florida man charged with threatening trump
florida man "jesus christ" threatens to kill trump
florida man busted for illegal at home butt pumping
florida gator man mocks hungry veteran wearing seminole shirt
florida man tries to cover up his burglary by reporting it to police
gator florida man mocks hungry veteran wearing seminole shirt
florida man attorney pleasured himself on woman following assault
florida man encourages boy to shoot at russian national.
florida man bass fishing team members thrown from boat at 57 mph
florida man charged with threatening to kill president elect trump
florida woman who  had to urinate  tries to run over man with car, pees in parking lot in front of crowd
police: florida man attacks 'porta potty , threatens man and dog
i created a map showing all the different subspecies of florida man and woman in their typical habitats.
florida man robs diner with garden hoe, chased by staff
florida man arrested after threatening to blow up multiple wal-marts.
florida man charged with threatening to kill president-elect trump at his inauguration on twitter was a close family friend of bill and hillary clinton
florida man drove a stolen car to washington dc to ask for a presidential pardon
7 reasons to hire real florida man paul k. schrier as your personal injury lawyer
florida man had sex with pit bull over 100 times before roommate finally reported it [action news jax]
florida man tries to cover up burglary he committed by reporting it, deputies say
pugilist florida man takes on porta potty
florida man captures gator jumping into airboat live on facebook
florida man destroys nest full of wasps with his bare hands
florida man smashes guitar on gravestone in cemetery freakout
florida man has sex with alligator after the gator tries to attack him
florida man threatened to kill donald trump and got arrested
florida man wrecks car going 132 mph on florida's turnpike; survives
florida man gets deputies to pull him over so he can propose.
florida man says he has no name because of excessive tequila consumption.
florida man get dallas cowboys super bowl li tattoo on his arm; now needs tattoo removal advice
florida man driving for ubereats shoots up pizza place with bb gun
lazy eye" description gives away florida man for carjacking and robbery
florida man suspected cop killer markeith loyd caught
florida man sexualy assaults pit bull
florida man tattooed on 12/6/16 super bowl 51 champions.
florida man sentenced to life in prison for raping and impregnating a 10-year-old girl
man gets life for raping, getting 10-year-old pregnant in florida
florida man gets life for raping, getting 10-year-old pregnant
florida man had sex with dog more than 100 times, report says
florida man gets busted using license plate gadget.
florida man recurves pantsless daughter from school
florida man kills his wife, then updates her facebook to pretend she was still alive, cops say
florida man squirted conditioner on the backsides of women as he masturbated at a target near the usf campus.
florida man used device to cover license plate at tolls
florida man strangled wife, then impersonated her on facebook
florida man accused of repeatedly sexually assaulting pit bull
young florida man pulls gun on classmate, demands a chicken mcnugget
florida man sentenced to life for impregnating 10-year-old
florida man breaks into jail to hang out with friends
florida man murders woman then has sex with body out of curiosity, say florida police
florida man transports his dog chained on top of trailer on interstate-95
florida man arrested for sex with pit bul
florida man day care owner is arrested for buying meth instead of paying his employees
florida man reaches new low
florida man and woman tossed in the tank over tampon tussle
florida man jailed on bestiality charges.
florida man run over by girlfriend at strip club put in coma
florida man calls 911 for a ride to the liquor store
florida florida man uses james bond like remote control license plate cover to avoid paying tolls
florida man uses james bond like remote controlled license plate cover to avoid paying tolls
florida man had sex with his family's pitbull more than 100 times over 3 years
florida man stands outside sheriff's office, praising the orlando cop killer: "god bless the shooter. it s a good thing he did."
police: naked florida man breaks into house for sesame seeds
florida man run over by girlfriend twice in strip club parking lot
florida woman maid of honor hits wedding guest, almost drives over best man at florida wedding
florida man accused of having sex more 100 times with his pit bull named baby girl
florida man arrested for shipping live alligators through fed-ex and ups
florida man isn't exactly a man's man. he's more of a dog's man, having had sex with a pit bull named baby girl more than 100 times.
florida man screws the pooch.
naked florida man caught burglarizing house to look for sesame seeds
florida woman is arrested at a wedding reception after getting drunk, and nearly running over the best man
florida man seizes sheriff's property!
florida man jailed for having sex with his dog.
florida man arrested on bestiality charges
9 of the 20 most dangerous cities for pedestrians are florida man cities
florida man shoots, kills woman looking for her dog.
florida man rapes and impregnates 10 year old
naked florida man breaks into home in search of sesame seeds
florida man intentionally drives his suv through a t-mobile store.
florida man at his worst
florida man fatally shoots woman searching for her dog
florida man shoots woman looking for missing dog
florida man robbing suspect started giving away money in miami beach during a bizarre incident that included an uber driver, a bomb threat and a rant about war with russia
naked florida man accused of home break-in just wanted "sesame seeds for his hamburger"
florida man arrested for doing donuts on ex-girlfriend's lawn in connecticut
florida man steals cell phone, taunts victim on facebook "lmao, you forgot your phone old man"
florida man gives out cash in miami beach after allegedly robbing bank while on facebook live
beanee weenee stealing florida man boasts he s a  thug 
florida man, 83, hits car salesman in the head with golf club after winning gift card
florida man sues disney over false advertising rogue one
florida man arrested for attempting to have sex with underage child (actually an undercover cop)
florida man 3rd grade teacher arrested in classroom with heroin capsules &amp; syringes
florida man chose unusual way to warm up at starbucks
florida man arrested for recording woman detective in bathroom
florida man goes on hilarious rant about the cold weather in florida  
florida man proudly proclaims his independence by painting "let my people go" on the county courthouse. unfortunately for him, they won't be letting him go until he makes bail.
florida man caught peeing in piggly wiggly was so drunk that even the jail refused him, police say
florida man learns that resisting the sexual lures of florida woman only brings on the pain.
would it make sense to make a "moved-to-florida-man" subreddit?
florida man attacks car salesman with golf club after not being satisfied with scratch-off winnings
florida man arrested at disney world urinates on state trooper, curses donald trump
florida man and friends get away with $60k worth of cookies, crackers from nabisco warehouse
florida man arrested on burglary and other charges after car rolls into pond near outlet mall
florida man governor is obviously confused who the president is at the moment.
florida man throws gator into drive thru window
after arrest for public masturbation, florida man claims he simply had a very bad itch on his penis and wanted to get a good scratch
florida man, who's vowed to "drain the swamp", once tried to build a giant movie studio in endangered snake habitat near miami.
florida man accused of shooting cows with an ar-15 from a moving car
florida man charged after trying to hide nearly 100 heroin pills in his butt
florida man accused of filming up woman's dress: 'i do this every sunday'
florida man &amp; woman attacked by own dog after they tried to put christmas sweater on him #onlyinflorida
florida man records florida woman officer in publix bathroom while pleasuring himself.
florida man attempts to burglarize florida spy shop that sells surveillance cameras
trespassing florida man flips off judge, calls him a honky
florida man lights underwear on fire in starbucks bathroom
florida man charged with burning underwear at starbucks
florida man caught recording video of woman detective in publix bathroom
florida man drives car at news reporter for shooting video of his house
florida man shoots up baggage claim
florida man sovereign citizen appears in court
florida man drug felon arrested for selling other drug felons to sober homes for cash
florida man, "ceo of purple drank", says he didn't illegally possess cough syrup
florida man brags to cops he took beating from woman "like a man"
florida man accused of lighting underwear on fire at starbucks
florida man records 2017's first drive-thru rage arrest.
florida man sent to jail for burglary after dna on slice of pizza matches him
florida man steals slice of pizza, two ipads, xbox one, and is identified by swab from bite mark on pizza after taking a bite and leaving it behind.
320-pound florida man bit 10-year-old girl
florida man named elvis shoots at cows with ar-15 from car
florida man caught on camera breaking into spy store that sells surveillance cameras
rabid bobcat leaps through a window and mauls florida man who's trying to catch it
florida man once arrested on rihanna s roof is running for county mayor
florida man, tupacshakur shot in jacksonville.
florida man, 83, hits car salesman in the head with golf club after winning gift card.
wanted by fbi: man in murder case who may be in florida
florida man wanted by fbi: man in murder case who may be in florida
florida man steals scratch offs, urinates on desk, strikes, robs man in convenience store
florida man needs a drink
florida man shoots gun, urinates on truck, gets arrested
florida man steals scratch offs worth $600, urinates on desk, strikes, robs man
florida man accused of urinating on cop after yelling 'f*** trump'
florida man made threats with gun during dog poop dispute
florida man caught recording up woman's dress tells cops "i do this every sunday"
florida man arrested with 97 heroin capsules hidden in buttocks
florida man attacks  spiritual  girlfriend s car over dead granny sex toy dream prophecy
florida man arrested at disney springs after urinating on state trooper while trying to choke himself after yelling "f*** trump"
florida man shoots at cows with an ar-15 from inside his car
florida man in workers' comp fraud case accused of faking disability for 10 years
florida man thinks shooting at cows from the turnpike is a great idea
florida man brandishes ak-47 at 5 year old girl
florida man caught illegally fishing tased three times by law enforcement
florida man accused of firing ar-15 at cows on florida turnpike
nh man channels his inner florida man, masturbates into a dirty diaper and then sets a church on fire.
florida man &amp; florida man jr. threaten to kill neighbors over loud music, fireworks on christmas
florida man found and he's from north carolina! you would not believe how slow we had to drive to get behind him.
elderly florida man angry over promotional mailer beats car salesman with golf club
i found florida man and he's from north carolina! you would not believe how slow we had to drive to get behind him.
florida man, fresh from receiving a 10 year prison sentence for identity theft, files a $72m suit against verizon for not stopping him from doing his crime.
florida man pees on cop
florida man drowns in, drowns off panhandle. no word on if he also waxed on or off.
florida man and his mate, florida woman, find they are no match for a florida dog which doesn't want to wear their stinking sweater.
central florida's top five florida man crimes of 2016
florida man takes hurricane matthew head-on with american flag in hand
lewd dance lands florida man, 51, in jail
florida man fails at multitasking, now has to clean his gun again.
florida man falls off horse prior to football game
florida man threatens mcdonalds employees because they were playing christmas music; demands they play muslim music instead
florida man dies after jumping on cars naked, being detained.
florida man steals dog, then returns to stab owner
florida man hates christmas music!
florida man punches west virginia fan with prosthetic leg in bathroom fight
when florida man screws up the order
florida man cops joked about using black community for target practice
florida man arrested for pointing gun at road crew's heads because they told his wife to scoop her dog's poop
florida man assaults car salesman with golf club
not florida but close, alberta man punches cougar in head to save dog at tim hortons
florida man arrested after demanding that mcdonald's workers turn off "christian music" playing in eatery
florida man robs someone while victim was holding infant son
florida man's fight over christmas music lands elderly man in hospital.
florida man earns "parent of the year."
florida man drove naked with wires attached to private parts
florida man, 83, beats car salesman with golf club
florida man escapes a butt-kicking contest with a one-legged man
florida man dies after jumping into traffic naked and slamming head on windshields
fight over christmas music sends florida man to jail
florida man arrested after hitting car salesman in the head with a golf club after finding out he'd only won a $5 walmart gift card from a scratch off promo
florida man and woman rob 9 year olds lemonade stand
florida man wearing shark repelling band gets attacked by shark
florida man leaves racist remark, inappropriate image in mustard
florida man, 81, cops shuffleboard rage plea
florida man tries publicity stunt for mental health treatment
naked florida man hospitalized after running on the road and jumping on cars
florida woman threatens man with knife over facebook post
florida man and friends run redlights and cause mayhem all year long
fledgling florida man discovers there's a right way and a wrong way to steal a car. 16-year-old's car theft ends with him repeatedly bashing into police car to try to make escape.
florida man robbed at gunpoint while holding baby, police say
florida man dies after jumping on cars naked on a busy highway
florida man hits woman with piece of wood because she wouldn't give him cigarettes
florida man wants for christmas: good ass sex, to blow a guy with an abnormally large penis, and to give his students more f's.
florida man pushes his girlfriend, kills her rabbits.
found florida man in cambodia
drunken florida woman allegedly assaults man with baseball bat while wearing snowman onesie
drunk florida woman wearing snowman onesie accused of attacking man with baseball bat
drunk florida woman in snowman onesie accused of attacking man with baseball bat
florida man uses needle, aids threat in florida bank robbery
pantsless florida man steals luggage cart at airport, warns spectators "don't do crystal meth"
florida man charged with sexually cyberharassing over nude images
florida man has same name as president of russian federation.
florida man arrested for throwing live alligator into wendy's drive-thru window
florida man opens up a jewelry store.
florida man arrested for killing a woman and raping her body because he wanted to know "what it felt like"
photo of a florida man
florida man stabs father who wanted him circumcised
florida man born in a mcdonald's restroom on two jackets laid on the floor, starts breathing when umbilical cord is cut
south florida man accused of threatening trump on facebook
florida man charged with threatening trump on facebook
florida man who works at carrabba's given "most likely to get arrested by the way he looks" superlative
florida woman crowned miss miami lakes is facing multiple charges after police say she was involved in an attack on a man during a drunken party at her home
florida man groveland mayor has felony record, records show
cox n' crendor: tito and the golden tickets [florida man animated short]
feds say florida man threatened trump in facebook posts
a florida man who s  just glad obama didn t take all our gunz  was arrested for threatening to use one on trump
florida man arrested for threatening trump on facebook
florida man uses baby stroller to steal shampoo, prosecco, and cocktail sausages, leaves infant behind
florida man police officer offers onions instead of traffic citations.
florida man police officer (dressed as the grinch) offers onions instead of traffic citations.
florida man and part-time santa runs successful poop removal business
florida man burglar suspects cornered; video shows suspects fleeing into police parking lot
miss florida contestant arrested drunkenly beating a man with a baseball bat
florida man, 19, texts mom to grab drugs from car after crash
florida man murders woman then has sex with body out of curiosity
florida woman (miss florida contestant) arrested in snowman onsie for beating man with a bat
florida man texts mom to grab drugs from car after crash
florida man charged with threatening trump on facebook
florida man takes off pants, goes for joyride in baggage tug across orlando international airport
florida man arrested in los angeles in 1925, but not just because he was from florida.
florida man is misunderstood
florida man retaliates by doing nothing
florida man jumps off 22nd floor with parachute.
florida man steals tortoise to "eat for dinner"
florida man "accidentally" flees from the police.
florida man parachutes off downtown orlando skyscraper in video: "oh, sh*t! he made it!"
young florida man dies after falling off of a closed wisconsin water slide.
florida man leads police on chase in centrak florida
florida man allegedly kills woman and has sex with her corpse after she rebuffs his advances
florida man (teen) texts mom to grab drugs from his car after wreck
florida man accused of choking girlfriend and dog
florida man runs over religious holiday display.
florida man and his florida woman girlfriend decide to take uber drive. no really, take uber drive as in carjack it.
florida man with bucket on his head attempts to steal pigeons
florida man shoots women's restroom during botched selfie
florida man shoots handgun through restroom wall in botched strip club selfie
florida man and friends arrested for stealing $650,000 worth of power tools from home depot
florida man in orlando's got some serious game going on!
jupiter police: florida man in bushes 'took off work to get drunk'
florida man steals 850 pairs of underwear form victoria's secret
florida man really, really wants to force a jury to watch his sex tape
florida man steals van to drive to waffle house
florida man launches chair at mailman because he had no mail for him
florida man breaks into school to call his grandma
a florida man tried to rob a former wwe wrestler   and got body-slammed
florida man kills woman and rapes the body to see what murder feels like.
old but good: florida man in gorilla suit tries to rob restaurant
florida man chokes preg woman when she rejects him, then also chokes her dog!
florida man shot woman who rejected his advances, then had sex with her
florida man pleasures himself at his bedroom window in front of neighbors
tampa man dies after scuba diving in the florida keys
florida man witness gangland assassination of goats
florida man charged with touching teen s rear
florida man dressed as santa arrested on drug charges
florida man pushes pregnant girlfriend out of car onto busy highway.
florida man santa busted for allegedly selling drugs
florida man has sex with woman after shooting her in the head
florida man in santa suit arrested on drug charges
florida man tries to take selfie with gun in nightclub
florida man leaving strip club falls out of truck which runs over his leg and proceeds to crash into a house injuring a 58-year old women
florida police arrest man after he tried to break into home wearing only pants on his arms
florida man arrested after he tried to break into home wearing only pants on his arms
florida man bot creates incredibly coherent reddit post
florida man playing pokemon drives on sidewalk and hits pedestrians, then flees scene.
florida man crashes into two pedestrians while playing game on phone
florida man beats new york man after florida team beats new york team
florida man attempted to take gun selfie in club bathroom, gun went off
florida man ends street fight by running everyone over
florida man to leave from hockey team ceo position to become united states secretary of the army.
hernando deputies arrest florida man meth dealer named 'disney'
a florida man driving uber shoots and kills armed robber.
florida man crashes into two pedestrians while playing 'pokemon go' on his phone
florida man starts hockey team, gets appointed as secretary of the army.
florida man kills woman who rejected his sexual advances.
seemingly unprovoked white florida woman aims laser-sighted gun at man in mcdonald's parking lot
florida man dressed as santa caught selling drugs, runs from police, trips on santa pants, gets arrested.
florida man asked to resign from teaching job for putting a satanic pentagram on display
florida man and three of his fellow crime fighters find there are just some crimes they shouldn't fight, like shoplifting at home depot ... because company policy. now four florida men looking for new jobs.
florida man arrested for being homeless bum turns out to actually be millionaire!
florida man tries to rob uber driver, gets shot
florida man dies squaring up to a hurricane.
florida man who threatened to get students  sent back to africa , gets suspended
florida man who threatened to get students  sent back to africa , gets suspended
naked florida man breaks into home with pants on arms
florida man punches drive-through employee over cold fries
drunk florida man falls out of truck before it runs over his leg!
florida man escapes patrol car, flees in wawa, crawls into vent, crashes through ceiling and takes out a water fountain
florida man abandons his pig at the groomers
florida man at friendly boca tennis match lands man in jail after fight
florida man tries to rob 6-foot-7, 280 pound, former wwe wrestler at gas station. instant regret caught on video.
florida man sells authentic barbie/unicorn art on craigslist
florida man makes a bomb threat, saying he's at the racetrac gas station, only to call again to tell officers he's actually at the kangaroo express gas station.
intoxicated florida man gropes pregnant women outside of chocolate shop on popular downtown street
florida man faked trump hate crime by burning girlfriends car
florida man spreads holiday cheer
naked florida man struts his stuff, but denies being exhibitionist
florida man crashes into parked car and manages to cause mass destruction!
florida man robs gas station with drawn-on beard as disguise
florida man with drawn-on beard robs gas station
florida man, ahem florida congressman, posts meme calling for genocides against muslims
florida man gets up to a $1 million for promoting state in song called "sexy beaches"
florida man, 2100
florida man was so mad over cold steak 'n shake fries, he called the cops (and got jailed)
florida man robs store with drawn-on beard
florida man arrested disorderly intoxication and battery
florida man, who was arrested for possession of meth, has a tattoo of florida on his face, which is backwards
florida man dual exhaust
florida man tries to steal television from wal-mart on "shop with a cop"day, is arrested by shopping cops.
hissing gator shakes the ground under florida man
florida man armed robber defeated by intended victim -- a former pro wrestler
florida man grabs seven year old by neck for not having homework
florida man picks up gopher tortoise with a radio transmitter on its back off side of road, plans to make him his dinner before a trooper spots him
florida man hiests a burger king for $794
florida man impostor dentist pulled ten teeth from one man without anaesthetic
florida man faked a pro-trump kkk hate crime, set his ex's car on fire, and then staged his own kidnapping in ransom note covered with his blood
misunderstood florida man just wants to be an astronaut, but flees the scene with the help of baby oil.
hip-hop florida man steals drugs to make sizzurp, and sells it on instagram
florida man arrested for flashing man during parking dispute
florida man performed dental work at home. but investigators say he was never a dentist.
florida man catches giant brick of cocaine
florida man leaves veterans dead body in a shower for 9 hours
bumbling florida man hiding from cops in pond tells them he's  just fishing  and says the guy they are looking for 'went that way.'
florida man "maliciously killed" a squirrel after argument over coffee.
florida man fakes being dentist, pulls 10 teeth without anesthetic, and makes dentures
florida man poses as dentist, pulls 10 teeth without anesthesia before getting caught.
florida man extracted 10 teeth without anesthesia. and he wasn t a dentist, cops say (original source)
florida man live tweets his friend's impending divorce
florida man hacked florida state university wireless network and redirected all traffic to meatspin website
ex-wwe wrestler thinks "**** this, i'm not dying in florida", stops florida man armed with bb gun from robbing him
florida man is quite the ladies man. well, not quite ladies as the female he impregnated is only an 11-year-old whom he had been banging since she was nine. blames it all on a "moment of weakness."
florida man, donning his stealthy disguise of a bucket over his head and trash bag for a cape, steals pigeons from religious store.
florida man dies in va hospital, is left dead in shower for 9 hours
florida man caught looking up women's skirts at walmart! :d
florida man fires gun because woman was typing loudly
bald florida man gets prison for stealing hair growth products
florida man hates christmas music
arsonist? no, florida man was only taking a walk after 2 xanax and 18 beers
florida man woman cleans house, finds gernade in oven
florida man crushed to death by mushrooms
florida man sets house on fire after taking 2 xanax and downing 18 beers
florida(wo)man hides lighter in rolls of ass fat, commits arson in jail
florida man who happens to be a police officer fired for racist, homophobic facebook posts
florida man dies after walgreens workers forced him to clean up dirty toilet
florida man killed squirrel after flight with brother over coffee
watch florida man make a break for it in the courtroom and try to escape custody
what would gone with the wind look like if tara was owned by florida man? probably this.
florida man brings hospitalized girlfriend meth
florida man mayor charged with firearm use while under the influence of alcohol, resisting an officer with violence, and battery on a law enforcement officer
florida man has sex in public with florida woman
florida man tries stealing a tv from a walmart during a shop with a cop event
deputies: florida man, son planned murder of mother using homeless man
florida man falls victim to job opportunity scam, lands in south korean jail
i know its not a florida man but for some reason i feel this belongs here.
florida man steals car, crashes into an ice machine, attempts to steal a boat, attacks a cop with an oar.
florida man steals car with owner's phone inside, pretends to be drive thru customer when police track him via the phone's gps
drugs, guns, gator found in florida man's home: florida man hides under bed
florida man steals 400 orange trees
florida man faked death to get man to leave
florida man steals police car, then calls 911 to report his own crime
florida man brought girlfriend meth to smoke in hospital's icu
florida man enters mcdonald's by climbing in drive through window
bald florida man who stole rogaine sent to prison (with appropriate mugshot)
florida man arrested after deputies mistake lighter for gun
florida man is very vocal about being anti-obama and anti-hillary
horrific' conditions at florida man prison ignored until legislator's surprise inspection
florida man died of emotional distress after mopping mess in walgreens bathroom, lawsuit claims
florida man during hurricane hermine
humiliated  florida man died of emotional distress after being forced to clean soiled walgreens bathroom: lawsuit
florida man threatens pregnant woman over a parking spot
florida man dies as a result of cleaning the bathroom
38-year-old florida man has sex with 11-year-old girl and gets her pregnant because he had a moment of weakness
florida man arrested in alleged shooting, selling  rock , literally
florida man, son hire men to kill mom for $10,000
florida man catches kilo of cocaine while fishing off miami shore
florida man fired gun near woman because she was typing too loudly, police say
florida woman smoked meth in hospital icu while on oxygen, florida man boyfriend gave it to her
florida (wo)man made death threats to sandy hook victim's parent
florida man can't remember what he did.
florida man arrested after being accused of looking up women's skirts at walmart
drunk florida man denied tacos, calls 911
florida man steals more than 400 orange trees
florida man records snapchats of night out drinking before fatal crash
florida man shot after starting fight with driver who honked in line at mcdonald's
florida man visits florida jail, finds inhumane conditions.
florida man caught looking up womens skirts in walmart
florida man shot after foot chase ends in a lake where he beat a deputy with an oar
florida man made pulse-style massacre threats against church that welcomes  sick homosexuals 
extremely intoxicated' florida man breaks into post office, cuts open packages
florida man looks like this at age 17
florida man calls 911 because taco bell won't serve him tacos
florida man florida doctor caught doing their medical supply shopping at veterinary clinics
florida man dies, turtle survives after freak road accident with motorised bicycle
florida man woman caught dr shopping for controlled substances at veterinary offices
florida man breaks into house, pets cat
florida man dubbed "grinch" arrested again by police
florida woman has a tiff with her florida man boyfriend, smacking him with a squid outside a bagel store. forget it jake, it's florida.
florida man) roses are red, i bet you haven't seen this...
florida man dies after hitting turtle on motorcycle
florida man dies after hitting turtle while riding motorcycle
florida man sets fire to his apartment, proceeds to barricade himself inside
florida man dead in car for days kept getting parking tickets
florida man breaks into woman's home to pet family cat
florida woman robs sleeping florida man in hotel after having sex with him for first time
florida man sets up anti-trump festivus pole at city's christmas display
florida man on bicycle killed in accident after hitting a turtle while riding at night. police characterize the event as 'rare'.
florida man found dead inside suv with pile of parking tickets on windshield
florida man forced to pay coast guard $1 million for search efforts after faking his own disappearance
florida man continues to get tickets after dying inside parked car
florida man gets 6 months for stealing dead brother's pension benefits
florida man and florida bird have mugshot taken together.
shirtless florida man headbangs in hurricane matthew
florida man dies after hitting turtle with bicycle
florida man brings breast implant to police
florida man walks away with $1.6m bucket of gold
man steals 86 pound bucket of gold, police say he may have became a florida man.
florida woman demands florida man cop photograph her butt after slap at clothing-optional bar, so he does
florida man died after striking a turtle with his motorized bicycle and crashing
11-year-old girl pregnant, florida man claims 'moment of weakness'
florida woman wakes up in middle of night to find an unknown florida man at the foot of her bed, petting her cat
florida man burglar stops to pet cat at foot of victim's bed before fleeing scene
florida woman cuts man with crack pipe, hides it in her genitals
florida man arrested, accused of throwing dog into traffic
florida man rides bicycle, hits turtle, dies
drunk florida man tackles girlfriend because she won't let him go to strip club; shouts "i hope she f###ing dies" during arrest
florida man throws dog out into the street.
florida man on bicycle runs over turtle then dies.
this is for trump!  yells florida man as he punches a hispanic for no reason
florida man who changed his name to 'harambe junior' arrested for indecent exposure
florida man uses oxygen machine to attack tow truck driver
florida man butt-dials 911, proceeds to call several more times
florida man found dead after his bicycle struck a turtle
florida man yells 'this is for donald trump' after punching latino man from behind
florida man uses his own oxygen machine to hit tow truck driver
festive-but-smelly florida man wishes store clerk 'happy holidays' after robbery
florida man discharges wrong pistol in the pisser.
florida man killed by box turtle
florida man tries to sneak cocaine through orlando international airport in hard candy
florida man face-biter's internet searches:  i think i'm going crazy, am i?'
florida man yells "i voted for trump" at black starbucks barista after the line was taking too long
florida man waved weapons while making racist slurs in road rage incidents' while driving with confederate flag on his pickup
florida man was arrested after he allegedly pointed a gun at his neighbor and pelted the man s house with potted plants
florida man, former casey anthony attorney arrested in cocaine smuggling case
florida man stops fight by running everyone over
florida man knocks shrimp platter into pregnant woman's face
5-year-old man calls 911 to invite florida deputies over for thanksgiving dinner
florida man decorates dog poop with little signs
florida man attempts to rob store, then hides in pond water up to his neck and claims he was just fishing and "the guy who did it went that way."
florida man (boy) calls 911 to invite police to thanksgiving.
florida man claims racism when deli serves "dark-skinned" man before him
florida man falls out of his own truck, runs over leg
florida man stand his father in the neck for trying to circumcise him
florida man, nasa security guard yells "hi-yaaaa!!!" and karate chops alligator in parking lot struggle
florida man runs over vulture with space shuttle
florida man, moonlighting as santa, tells a child that hillary clinton is on his naughty list and will now have ample time to get those toys built and delivered.
florida man kills employee, then himself in florida mall
florida man killed someone on his way to murder another
florida man totally not trippin'
florida man (and former florida state seminoles mascot) stabbed to death over gumbo recipe
florida man charged with punching 8ft hammerhead shark to death
central florida man stabbed parents at thanksgiving celebration
florida man (boy) calls 911 to invite police officers to thanksgiving dinner
florida man with florida face tattoo was probably not the best candidate to be a babysitter
cops called when florida man has thanksgiving fight over hot sauce
x-post mildly interesting) florida man runs over everyone to stop a fight.
florida man gets drunk and drives, runs of self
florida man stabs parents during thanksgiving day fight
florida man stabs parents on thanksgiving
florida man beaches and punches shark to death
alligator bites florida man hunting in everglades
florida man beat child to death while babysitting, deputies say
florida man runs over brother in parking lot fight
florida man 'repeatedly stabs' his parents in thanksgiving day fight
florida man displays florida pride for all the world to see
florida man-boy calls cops over for thanksgiving dinner.
florida man drives boat into bridge, delays fireworks for tree lighting ceremony.
florida man gets stabs his dad in the neck trying to circumcise him.
cops: florida man says he stabbed father who wanted to circumcise him
florida man sets fossilized feces record
florida man asks to be arrested
florida man goes to college for education, becomes cannibal
florida man attempts to cash $368 billion dollar check
florida man runs over himself driving drunk
florida man drives drunk, runs over his own legs
florida man gets job as mall santa. gets reassigned after putting hillary clinton on naughty list.
florida man leaving strip club runs himself over
liveleak.com - florida man driving home from strip club falls out of truck and runs himself over
florida man gives new meaning to the phrase "shitty driving."
drunk florida man uses 7-eleven cooler as bathroom
florida man artist decorates dog poop with trump quotes
this is for donald trump!' florida man attacker yells before hitting man
florida man has no idea who won election
florida man gets tased six times, bites through bulletproof vest, while screaming "i am a testament from god".
florida man gets drunk, runs over himself.
florida man attempts to break up fight with car
florida man reveals he's created his 'perfect' bride from his wife
florida man from cocoa beach dies fulfilling dream to surf off california beach
florida man in tutu caught for breaking into a farmer's market
florida man goes christmas shopping early
florida man used 7-eleven walk-in cooler as bathroom
florida man attacks boyfriend with ramen, arrested
florida woman helps secure release of man who shot her in face as teen 25 years ago
florida man stabs father who tried to circumcise him, police say
florida man runs himself over outside orlando strip club
florida man charged after allegedly punching shark
florida man driving home from strip club falls out of truck and runs himself over (video)
florida mall santa man says hillary clinton is on his naughty list
australian edition, florida man: woman to be sentenced over sex acts with dog to supply her cannabis habit
florida man arrested after attacking his boyfriend with ramen
highly regarded florida man school administrator found running naked along sr 100
sheriff florida man posts 'sad criminal of the day' on facebook
south florida man stabs father who tried to circumcise him, police say
florida man punches his dad in the face over bowl of nuts
florida man demands a car at dealership, declares he's satan
florida man in tutu caught for breaking into farmer's market
florida man offers pickup truck in exchange for missing dog
florida man attempts to break up a fight by driving into the fray
florida man arrested for selling horsemeat
florida man stabs father who tried to circumcise him
florida man accidentally runs over own brother during fight over a parking space with another man
florida man runs himself over leaving a strip club
florida man tries to kidnap girl in dollar general, mother beats his ass!
florida man enters record books with world's largest collection of dinosaur feces
florida man gets dui charge after allegedly tossing four loko can from window
florida man claiming to be satan demands free toyota from dealership
florida man vs wal mart parking lot
florida man dies fulfilling dream to surf off huntington beach
florida man gets gets police shotgun, twice
florida giant man lifting 2 man at a time! omg!
florida man lifting 2 man at a time! omg!
florida man goes on shooting rampage after getting an eviction notice!
man in florida charged after punching a shark
florida man charged after punching a shark
nsfw: florida man uses water hose to shit on friend
florida man found a kilo of cocaine and decided to post it on reddit...
florida man offers his truck as a reward for finding his missing dog.
mall santa florida man in trouble for saying hillary clinton is on the naughty list
deputy attacked by a florida man, fm fatally shot by bystander
florida man who yelled "trump' at starbucks barista explains: 'i had a bad day'
florida man calling himself "satan" threatens to shoot car dealership employees, bashes gays
florida man gets a crappy world record
florida man moves to nyc to "have a fresh start, and leave the drama" in florida, fails catastrophically
florida man shoots person at random when drug dealer stands him up
florida man firefighter resigns after posting pictures of himself nude to reddit and asking women to stay with him at the firehouse during a hurricane.
florida man gets fifteen months for selling south american cheese product he knew to be tainted with listeria
florida man gets fifteen months for selling south american cheese products he knew to be tainted with listeria
florida man screams "trump!" after starbucks employee takes too long to get his coffee.
florida man causes disturbance over who his wife voted for
florida man found guilty of using cheetos to set house on fire
florida man teacher: "don't make me call donald trump and get you sent back to africa"
florida man gets 15 months for selling south american cheese products tainted with listeria
florida man enters record book with world's largest dinosaur feces collection
florida man trump supporter goes nuts on miami starbucks employee
florida man accuses black starbucks barista of "white discrimination" because he took to long to make his drink and then demanded a refund because "trump won"
florida man stands by white discrimination claims
florida man chased by deputies jumps into canal, gets saved by deputies who chased him.
florida man fired from wal-mart. so he sets fire to stuffed animal in store.
florida man has sex with 16-year-old, then tells her she's too young for him, police say
florida man arrested for domestic battery with ramen noodles
florida man shot by good samaratan who saw a deputy being attacked.
florida man fatally shot by good samaritan who saw deputy being attacked
fire crews rescue florida man amputee from miami billboard
a  good samaritan  saw a deputy being attacked by a florida man so he fatally shot the assailant
florida man finds old locked safe during construction in pensacola's historical district.
florida man trump supporter chases black boys on bikes and random black motorists with a bat
florida man fired from walmart, burns toy in retaliation
florida man kicks girlfriend because he allegedly doesn't want to work - sebastian daily
florida man claiming food poisoning allegedly stabs ihop waiter
florida man urinates in back yard of sheriff's deputy
florida man repairman gets angry at man for not hiring his services
florida man sets fossilized feces record.
florida man attacks girlfriend with taser, toilet plunger and pepper spray
florida man gets fired from walmart, burns toy in retaliation
florida man attacks tourist for cutting bathroom line at fantasy fest
fake viagra money-laundering scheme lands florida man attorney in federal prison
florida man finds an octopus in his garage
florida man posts revenge porn on facebook to harass his ex-girlfriend
smarter than your average florida man!
florida man stole gum all machine from winter haven restaurant
florida man arrested for shooting and killing a man in easton woods
in a fight between a florida man and a florida woman with a wrench and a sword, florida woman emerges triumphant albeit on suicide watch.
florida man who 'poured hot sauce on his girlfriend's dog' accepts one-year jail term
florida man, who is a teacher, suspended for telling black students  don t make me call donald trump to get you sent back to africa. 
florida man flashes goodwill clerk who rejects his advances
ex-con florida man arrested for ramen noodle attack on his boyfriend
man charged in knockout punch of florida man walking from game 6 of world series
florida man hitchhikes across the usa with his goat
florida man passerby shoots, kills florida man fighting florida man deputy on i-75
florida man steals a palm tree
florida man steals gumball machine from winter haven restaurant
white powder in belly button gives away florida man as drug user.
florida man strips on c-span
police: florida man breaks into home, cooks and eats pizza while inside
police say florida man with no hands and no legs is armed and on the run
florida man arrested for hitting a child with a hammer and then kicking them off the school bus.
florida man george zimmerman yelled at a female employee, used racial slurs and was "belligerent" toward a deputy before being he was removed from a bar
florida man claims he's not a pedophile, just a law abiding pervert
florida man tight end will miss remainder of season after pregnant girlfriend poured boiling water over his head
florida man holds up dollar general 10 times in 10 days
florida man zip-ties and robs tenants because of late rent
florida man high school security guard charged with battery on student, police say
florida man(s) elect madman as president of the united states
camera captured a man attack in south florida
florida man robbed woman who was in labor
florida man attacks flamingo at busch gardens
florida man falls victim to leprosy after sex with armadillo
florida man arrested at polling place
florida man votes for trump
florida man publicly beats dying elderly woman to death, temporarily averting world war 3
florida man connected to robbery found naked, covered in vomit
florida college student man indicted in face-biting attack
florida man machete murder suspect seen crying, screaming at police in interrogation video
florida man named shaquille o'neal steals veteran's wheelchair, crashes car
florida man installs giant wooden cock mailbox for his mom.
florida man puts himself on craigslist
florida man who spit on officer: 'don't you know who my dad is?'
florida man votes #noon1
florida woman pepper sprays florida man as fight breaks out at polling location.
florida woman pepper sprays man at jupiter polling place
florida man and florida woman precinct clerks fired from broward location after dispute
florida man will decide who is the next potus
florida man seems to have voted for donald trump
florida man and woman steal 276 bottles of nail polish from walmart.
florida man designs wetsuit for bald penguin
florida man breaks into st. pete apartment, steals cash, cooks and eats pizza
teen florida man accused of killing grandma in fight over beer
florida man that vandalized 80+ cars caught after he spray painted his name on some of them
i am florida, man, and america, you can suck me
florida man is praised highly in local paper
florida man stuffs python down his pants at pet store
18-year-old florida man beats grandmother to death over beer
florida man reaches inside woman and disembowels her for uttering ex s name during sex
florida man reportedly bites hole in a woman s chin after she refused his sexual advances
florida man caught driving around naked with device on penis
florida man beats grandma to death for hiding his beer from him
florida man rapes 28 pound puppy and claims it is okay because it's his
pokemon go players fired upon by florida man who claimed "stand your ground"
florida man attacked by squirrel. three injured
florida man kills grandmother for hiding his beer
florida man robs someone in plain sight of police officer
florida man with "family" tattoo on his neck points gun at sister after she washes his drug-filled pants
florida man heroically battles his nemesis, florida squirrel. tosses florida squirrel out the door, gets 11 stitches.
florida man gets attacked by squirrel!
florida man gets pistol whipped with his own pistol by victim
florida man solicits sex from 42 year old woman, then asks if her 10 year old daughter can join. the woman turns out to be an undercover cop.
talk about junk mail; florida man has giant penis-shaped mailbox created for his mom
florida man told cops he ate  humans  as he spit out chunk of a man's face.
florida man (18) beats to death his grandmother (69) for taking his beer away.
florida man gifts his mom a 6 foot tall, solid wood mailbox shaped like a penis
florida man caught having sex with horse says it 'seduced' him
florida man named  shaquille o neal  crashed car, stole man s wheelchair after police chase, police say
florida man bites woman's chin after she refuses sex
florida woman wanted power tools to match her super powers. unfortunately, she stole them from a man with a functioning surveillance video system. alas, florida woman now sits in jail with only her super powers to keep her company.
florida man, vice mayor, arrested after a night of drunken shooting with the lieutenant
florida man downs 4 or 5 energy drinks a day, turns yellow
florida man caught having sex with horse at colorado ranch claims 'it seduced him'
squirrel attacks florida man at senior-living community in volusia county
florida man caught driving naked with wires attached to privates
florida man calls 911 and says his son is choking to get back in motel room
florida man accused of driving around naked with electronic device attached to his penis
naked florida man arrested after driving with electrical wires attached to penis
florida man beats his grandmother to death after she takes away his beer.
florida man drove naked with wires attached to genitals
florida woman makes up affair to make her florida man cheating husband jealous. now another florida man is dead.
florida man orders from domino s but has no cash for delivery driver, so does what any self-respecting florida man would   jams as much pizza and cinnamon sticks in mouth as possible before cops show up.
naked florida man with wires attached to his penis drives through neighborhood with children
naked florida man knocking on doors looking for sex was holding an unopened can of coors beer and said he didn t how much he d consumed or where he was staying
police: naked florida man drove with wires attached to genitals. because of course he did.
tutu-wearing florida man breaks into tampa farmers market
florida man in south florida drives around naked with electrical wires attached to his dick
naked florida man drives with wires attached to penis
florida man arrested for driving around naked with electrical wires in his cock
florida man starts petition for the creation of a manatee emoji
naked florida man drove with wires attached to his private parts: cops
florida man arrested after driving nude with wires protruding from his penis.
naked florida man drove with wires attached to genitals, police say
florida man uses son's urine to try and pass drug test
florida man buries dead mom to collect her benefits
florida man accused of hurling his glass eye at er doctor, nurse
florida man consumes energy drinks until his liver fails
ex-con florida man bit off his boyfriend's ear during spat at florida home
florida man buries mother in backyard, keeps collecting her retirement money
florida man moved to wisconsin
florida man kills wife and son and then shoots his foreclosure attorney in the stomach
florida man changes name of his baseball team to "jacksonville jumbo shrimp"
florida man dressed as nun arrested for battery
florida man dresses up 13' pet gator for halloween. he says it's gwendolyn's favorite holiday because of the treats.
florida man arrested after throwing glass eye at doctor and nurse
florida man driver has firm grip on more than steering wheel
florida man walks out of his house with a semi-automatic rifle and a four-pack of beer and begins shooting at passing cars
florida man tells deputy he ate something bad, when asked what he replies: ''humans''
florida man busted for glass eye toss
florida man kills two, tells deputies to shoot him and that he ate something bad. when asked what, he responded "humans." the suspect also had human hair in his mouth when taken into custody.
florida man faces up to 12 years in federal prison for burying his mother in backyard to keep her retirement checks
florida man burns his house down over early christmas decor
florida man shoplifts to bail out wife arrested for... shoplifting.
florida man arrested after allegedly exposing himself to other man; wires attached to private parts
florida man with half a head arrested for attempted murder, arson.
florida man shoplifted to get money to bail out wife charged with shoplifting
my florida man halloween costume
florida man tells police he uses cocaine "for energy at work"
florida man defends honor with ps4 controller
florida man defends american honor with ps4 controller
florida man uses daughter as a shield to avoid a shootout
florida man thinks it's a good idea to smoke while other florida man pumps gas next to him. zero fucks given
florida man vapes cum
350-pound florida man runs out of walmart holding 2 tvs, almost gets away until his pants fell off it gets worse
350 pound florida man runs out of walmart stealing 2 tvs, almost gets away until his pants fell off with his id, leading police to find him with a crack pipe in his anus.
florida man puts his beer down. shoots at passing drivers.
florida man arrested when cops confused doughnut glaze for meth sues
florida man calls 911 because his mom won't give him any money for ihop
florida man caught living under the stolen identity of a dead fisherman. said he did it to avoid having to divorce his second wife.
florida man, window masturbater arrested
florida man proves you are never too old to have a face tattoo
florida man, trump supporter, lynches two dummies on his front yard for halloween
florida man arrested for calling 911 after mom refused him money for ihop
florida man wins election in a card game
florida man with "family" tattoo on neck points gun at sister for ruining ecstasy stash (with mugshot)
florida man flees cops. sets fire during getaway.
florida man arrested after beating child for taking bologna out of the refrigerator
florida man with 53 ounces of pot in car falls asleep in intersection
florida man arrested in road rage incident attempted to hide a bag of marijuana inside his butt
florida reporter tracks down florida man (11 of them) to find out who he's endorsing for president
florida man leaves strip club ands runs over own leg; truck crashes into house
florida man arrested for shoplifting in winter haven to pay his wife s bail
florida man ran $1.35m hack-and-spam racket with 50m-plus addresses
florida man on the run after leaving the strip club, falling out of his truck, and running himself over
florida man on the run after leaving the strip club, falling out of his truck, and running himself over
florida man (officer) gives himself a citation for running a red light
52-year-old florida man jailed for repeatedly calling 911 after mom refused him money for ihop
florida man wants to educate trump on climate- it s fairly straight forward. we teach it to 18-year-olds all the time here at eckerd college.
florida man halts interview to take a shit in broad daylight
rapping florida man sentenced to 180 days in jail for kicking female fan in face at concert
florida woman attacks man, threatens to have pet parrot  get him 
florida man robs bank, grabs a drink before returning
florida woman says  arab man  held a gun to her head and forced her to take a  kill pill 
no title needed. florida man.
florida man sues police after officers mistake doughnut glaze for meth
florida man gets in fight over alleged soap-scented cigarettes
florida man called 911, upset mom won t pay for ihop
florida man arrested for with fake credit card and fake id. says he did it so wife wouldn't find out about girlfriend
florida man arrested with fake credit card and id. says he did it so wife wouldn't find out about girlfriend
florida man attacks meth-smoking partner with a pick-ax
florida man, acquitted murderer and cult leader "michael the black man", secures endorsement from gop nominee
florida man fakes identity for 20 years, duped wife.
florida man leaves strip club, falls out of pickup, gets run over, truck crashes into house
florida man suing city after police mistake doughnut icing for meth
deputies: drunken florida man wedding crashers refused to leave
florida man arrested for walking naked next to school bus stop
florida man mangles penis
florida man and 4 friends arrested for stealing 23,000 iphones from miami international airport
florida man hides under girls bed, writes creepy note
florida man tries to cash fake $1 billion bond
florida man predicts cubs winning 2016 world series in yearbook from 1993
florida man hid under 11 year-old neighbor girl's bed and wrote her a creepy note
paul k. schrier - a florida man helping injured people
florida man and friend get drunk, crash wedding, threaten to punch bride
florida man lost 500 pounds
florida man wanted for swiping elevator panel
florida man can't wait on an rr crossing.
florida man accused of stealing steak, lobster
florida man sues city, drug-test company after doughnut-glaze arrest
florida man arrested when cops confused doughnut glaze for meth
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns himself in, and takes sad mug shot
young florida man practices.
award-winning florida man cop indicted for shooting into occupied home after dispatched to wrong address
florida man gets beer named after him!
how does florida man go about raising bail for his woman in jail for shoplifting? why he steals stuff from walmart to sell down the street, of course.
a florida man who recently moved to southwest va man faces multiple charges after depositing bodily fluid on door handle of car
florida man suing city after doughnut icing tests positive for meth during orlando traffic stop
florida man tried to kill father. now changed with possession. his name? bamboo flute
florida man finds a snake in his car while driving
half-headed florida man busted for arson and attempted murder
florida man buried by his daughters just like he asked for decades
florida man kept stolen brain beneath porch, used it to get high
florida man seeks return of stolen antique fire truck
fresh florida man steals airbnb rental car, drives without a lice,se hits and kills another a driver while texting, and flees crimescene.
florida man claims donald trump is wrong, and that the election is not rigged.
florida man with very loud tv enjoys calling 911
shirtless florida man starts to punch everyone at a concert
florida man creates windshield-mounted id holder to prevent police shootings
florida man swallows bag of drugs when cop says drop it
florida man who won $22.4m lawsuit after being shot and paralyzed by a deputy now arrested for selling heroin, marijuana and cocaine
florida man rescues dog from imaginary house fire.
florida man vs samoan bouncer
florida man arrested for running over trump sign
florida man on drugs kills imaginary friend, turns himself in.
florida man runs for president, also has problems maintaining a web site
mugshot of florida man with 'half a head' goes viral following arson, attempted murder arrest
half-headed florida man arrested on arson attempted murder charges
trials and tribulations of a florida man
half-headed' florida man arrested for arson, attempted murder
florida man arrested in hit-n-run, says car is not stolen, just traded for crack
florida man gets 10 days in jail for punching swan
florida man gets 20 years for shooting at george zimmerman
florida man wearing clown mask robs victim in fort lauderdale at gunpoint, police say
florida man and 200 others boo and walk out of an amy schumer show after she makes jokes about donald trump.
florida man blew through stop sign, blamed it on a fly in his mouth.
florida man catches burglars in his store, forces them to strip at gunpoint
adult florida man and his florida man dad duke it out over legos
florida man arrested for shooting at george zimmerman in a road rage incident.
sentence for florida man who fired at george zimmerman in on-road confrontation
florida man named bamboo flute arrested for drug possession.
rolling stone's top florida man stories of 2016 (so far)
florida man "didn't notice" gun he was sitting on.
half-headed florida man charged after setting mattress on fire
florida man with half of a head arrested for arson and attempted murder charges
florida man missing half his skull arrested for arson, attempted murder
deputy florida man arrested on theft &amp; drug charges for pawning service weapon &amp; stealing drugs
florida man arrested after stuffing steak, lobster in his pants
florida man arrested after sucking woman's toes
florida man armed with knife and covered in blood tased by officers
florida man searches for gas leak with lighter.
florida man declares flesh-eating screwworms are back; to breed on deer, pets, and people
florida man makes history as first double arm amputee to complete an iron man triathlon.
florida man keeps watch over downed power line for 3 days, warning passers by to stay away from area
florida man sues ferrari for defamation because he wasn't selected to buy a limited edition car
the birth of florida man "florida baby born in used car dealership lot"
florida man on drugs kills imaginary friend and turns himself in.
florida man was found with his penis stuck in a coca cola bottle
florida man caught in nj with 121 pounds of heroin and cocaine
florida man mocks death of beloved mascot, throws cat skeleton onto field.
florida man break in house
dramatic video shows florida man dragged out of burning car
florida man is coming to eat your flesh.
florida man offers counseling for students 'troubled' by halloween costumes
florida man accidentally drives his daughter to a bank robbery
florida man gunned down in front of kids and parents he coached football for.
is spiderman kissing catwoman? frozen anna is in love with joker! w\ frozen elsa in real life. 'florida man'
florida man shows nature who's the boss...
that's not my wife' declares florida man after florida woman vacuums up gasoline
shands nurse florida man, sexually battered patients, police say
florida man wants phone store employees to fix his phone -- in the worst way, as it turns out.
florida man robs salesman at gunpoint, sends apology text
florida man breaks into home, eats bologna and takes a nap
florida man found naked at park once was tv news director
florida man fined $2k for fishing over limit in kenora area - thunder bay
florida man doused golden corral employee with fluid and set her on fire.
florida man attacks woman, blames actions on 'joker' personality
florida man jeopardy video
florida man decides to take the extra step in protecting his car during hurricane matthew
florida man sets florida woman on fire in golden gorral
florida man lights a golden corral employee on fire
florida man rents billboard to proclaim, 'hey isis, you suck'
florida man uses pole and samurai sword to attack two people
florida man on jeopardy.
florida man says little girl 'devastated' after thieves steal pet chicken
florida man allegedly slaps girlfriend in face with sex toy
florida man faces felony charges for wrestling and taking selfie with a baby alligator
florida man, who runs the florida gop twitter account, tweets links to infowars to spread conspiracy theories.
florida man runs stop sign, blames it on a fly
florida man, 59, threatens to shoot if phone isn't fixed
florida man was arrested thursday after deputies said he fired a gun on his boat after getting into an argument with four friends onboard with him. he said it was about a mutiny.
even relatives aren't safe from florida man. florida man steals wheelchair from his father
florida man featured on today's jeopardy!
there was just a "florida man" category on jeopardy
florida man featured as a category on jeopardy!
florida man blames fly in mouth on running stop sign
florida man fatally shot while testing bulletproof vest
florida man accused of sexual battery wanted to 'get this party started'
florida man and florida woman go to mcdonald's and get drowsy. they fall asleep in car between ordering their food and paying for it in the drive thru lane.
florida man says he is god during profanity-laced rant in court
police: florida man asks for hug after carjacking
florida man caught tornado eating a car
florida man recreates 'mutiny on the bounty'
florida man sheriff guards donut shop during hurricane matthew, 'no donuts went missing'
florida man parks his bmw e30 m3 in living room to escape hurricane matthew
deputies: florida man exposes himself, withstands pepper spray
florida man steals $40k in headphones because he felt 'underpaid'
florida man accused of calling for a tow truck, crashing into it twice outside eugene strip club
florida man millionaire shocked as he discovers he married his own granddaughter
florida man dies in meth-lab explosion after his farts caught fire
deputies: florida man fires rifle on boat about alleged 'mutiny'
florida man gets bald eagle wedged in car grill
florida man, gets evacuation orders hides in closet and make youtube video
florida man pilots boat through waterspouts
florida man finds manatee in his flooded yard munching on his grass
shirtless florida man headbangs in hurricane matthew
florida man risks life during hurricane matthew to yell 'dicks out for harambe' on live tv
florida man holds mcdonald's employee's hostage
florida man in orlando airport.
florida man does burnouts in front of reporters on live tv during a category 4 hurricane
florida man arrested after doing burnouts in front of news crews during hurricane
florida man disappointed hurricane wasn't worse
florida man arrested for trying to send ak-47s to bolivia.
florida man appempts to bear matthew's winds
florida man squares up to hurricane.
florida man was in a rush to see the sun rise.
florida man does a quick flex outside before hurricane matthew arrives
florida man and woman determined to have beach wedding in spite of hurricane matthew
florida man braves hurricane matthew [this should be our new sidebar picture]
florida man does the weather
florida man has standoff in mcdonalds
florida man decides burnouts are better than evacuating
florida man is optimistic about staying in his boat that is tied to palm trees during hurricane matthew
florida man drunkenly roams the street in the middle of a hurricane to inform people he is "not a meteorologist"
florida man straps his roof to his yard and puts his loader bucket on top.
florida man says "fu*k it!" and drives through hurricane matthew while live streaming.
350-pound florida man flees from walmart with two stolen tvs, leaving behind his pants containing his id. when arrested, cops find crack pipe stuffed with brillo in his anus.
florida man chased teens with knife while hurling racial epithets
florida man doesn't care about no hurricane.
florida political party gets into twitter fight with florida man, rapper vanilla ice, regarding hurricane evacuation.
florida man tv anchor said everyone would die when hurricane matthew hit
florida man posts picture of flooding from matthew - does not mention huge gator in pic.
florida man from feet away at ground level as hurricane matthew destroys his dock.
florida man does donuts in front of angry reporter during hurricane
florida man takes son surfing hours after governor tells people to evacuate
massive fight at florida man chuck e. cheese s caught on video
florida man slaps girlfriend in face with sex toy.
florida man lifts two tvs from walmart, jukes out his own pants and gets arrested days later while carrying a crack pipe in his anus
florida man proudly buys all the water in town to price gouge his neighbors. pitchforks out! ---e
florida man braves hurricane to yell  dicks out for harambe  on live tv
florida men, florida women urge florida residents in storm's path not to listen to florida man vanilla ice
florida man sodomized two burglars for five days straight after they break into his house
florida man wants to nuke the hurricane
tattoos check. walmart check florida man check
florida man plans to ride out hurricane matthew in a 32-foot rv a half-mile from the ocean.
this florida man signer
florida man abuses dog after son eats the dog's poop. this happened here in my town.
florida man dumps cup full of semen on woman at panera bread, police say
florida man says florida man neighbor attacked him with weed eater
florida man father and florida manson brawl over trashed legos
police: florida man attacks woman for 'not having dinner ready'
florida man enjoys buffet, tries to walk out on $8 bill
florida man behind bars for having a milk crate
florida man gets his own beer
florida man' gets his own brew from tampa's cigar city | www.mypalmbeachpost.com
florida man named matthew may decide to return to the scene of his future crime
florida man arrested, jailed for possessing milk crate
florida man &amp; florida woman charged $10,000 for $20 worth of gasoline
florida man driving semi leads police on chase in nw indiana
malt liquor florida man is moving to your living room
florida man, 34, busted for slapping girlfriend in face with a sex toy
florida man busted for drugs while playing pokemon go
florida man charged after 'farting in stripper's face' during lap dance
florida man uses note to rob bank, walks to gas station and asks people for his getaway ride
florida man uses note to rob bank, walks to gas station and asks people for a getaway ride
florida man finds out his new bride is actually his granddaughter. does not plan on getting divorce.
florida man accidentally marries his grand daughter
yo, florida man, i heard you like trailers
florida man found clinging to cooler 23 miles off florida coast with his 3 buddies
florida man (men) and women start brawl at miami chuck e. cheese
ungrateful florida man fights with rescuers who saved his life
florida man steals yacht when captain isn't looking, causes millions in damage, swims away. still at large.
florida man accidentally marries his granddaughter
florida man in another face-biting attack
florida man and florida woman have a brawl at cheesy charlies.
florida man discovers bride is 'his own granddaughter'; no plans to divorce
florida man finds another florida man's genitals in a fish he caught.
florida man forgets the most important thing
that time florida man set the salvation army on comix artist mike diana
professional florida man clown is upset over the creepy clown hoax trend
florida man tosses an alligator through a wendy's drive-thru window
florida man arrested after leaving 3 dogs in car at mall.
florida man arrested for having milk crate
florida+man+makes+up+dead+body+location+for+cash+reward%2c+week's+hotel+stay+and+trip+to+jacksonville.
big, bad florida man gets caught in crime because of his angry birds backpack
florida man high on flakka, robs woman, offers her ride afterward, police say
florida man and florida kid arrested for scaring students while wearing purge masks
florida man sued despite baking 'sorry i tased you' cake for woman he tased
florida (police) man sends apology cake: 'sorry i tased you'
florida man sends apology cake: 'sorry i tased you'
florida man who tried to apologize with  sorry i tased you  cake placed on probation
florida man rips girlfriend's intestine out through her vagina after she calls out her ex-husband's name during sex
florida man goes to school dressed up as kkk member
florida man found sleeping in walmart parking lot arrested for theft of truck. demonstrating true florida man powers, he was holding down a tax-paying job in spite of his elaborate face art.
florida man busted for hov violation with a trump cutout
police: florida man with tattooed face found asleep in stolen truck at walmart
florida man swipes 47 bottles of champagne, 8-piece fried chicken box
florida man accused of carjacking says he thought he was in a video game
florida man pulls gun on bicyclist - in view of sheriff - florida man goes to jail
florida man regrets bragging about girlfriend after her past is revealed
florida man capture, wrestle and take a selfie with an alligator
florida man encourages people to urinate on kaepernick jersey at his bar
florida man sets wife on fire after argument
florida man shoots at couple after accusing their dog of peeing on lawn
police: florida man tosses lumber at clerk with a machete
florida man (atee) rescued thousands of miles away on cape cod, is pregnant!
florida man, who used drone to spy on sun tanning neighbor, charged after it crashes, slicing off her nose
florida man wakeboards through flooded ditch while being pulled by horse
florida man-founded religious group calls for death penalty for "child sacrifice". translating from fundie to english, they mean abortion.
florida man cop accidentally tases woman. tries to apologize by baking her a cake.
florida womaan srabs florida man in argument over orgy
florida woman stabs florida man in argument over orgy
florida man smiles for the surveillance camera as he was stealing security camera equipment.
florida man arrested for allegedly riding the back of a manatee
florida man kills lionfish with glock handgun
florida man asks "have y'all seen anyone get bit by an alligator before?" on alligator capture video before getting arrested
florida man: hero, villain, icon
florida man modifies his handgun to kill lionfish!!!!
florida man encounters creepy clown lurking behind grass
deputy florida man may have wages garnished as a result of disabling police shooting
florida man fired after stealing trump sign in company car
fire rescue pulls naked florida man from balcony in boca raton
florida man lied about supporting isis on facebook, now facing prison time
florida man learns government thinks he's dead when bank account drained
police blotter: yelling florida man terrorizes woman; turns out he's singing
florida man high on meth cuts off penis and feeds it to alligator
florida man cuts off own genitals and feeds the to alligator
florida man kills movie patron because he was texting during movie
florida man dressed as clown jumps at cars, terrorizes town
florida man granted citizenship by ukrainian rebels, has no immediate plans to leave miami
florida man arrested after first date ends with 'woman's nipple bitten off'
florida man dies in lawnmower crash
florida woman claims man in donald trump mask stabbed her
florida man kills lionfish with glock handgun
florida man disqualified from voting in upcoming federal election because of 2 million felon charges.
donald trump, florida man
how trump bought a chunk of the sunshine state and became a florida man
florida man that plays for tampa bay buccaneers talks himself into a dui
florida man tries to flee cops in 18 wheeler with children inside
florida man commits weirdest theft ever -- charged with theft of naked trump statue.
florida man crashes boat, dies from impact
florida man pours semen over woman
florida man borrows girlfriend's car to drive to the store. spots another car he likes more. returns home with his newest set of wheels.
i'm not dead,' florida man says
florida man robs subway while talking on cellphone
florida woman, 28, says she's 17, blackmails florida man she hooked up with on craigslist, police say
naked florida man tossed infant over 8-foot fence
toilet frogs have florida man families jumping out of their seats
florida man wanted a starbucks fix
florida man caught riding a manatee dares the police not to send him to jail - police arrest him
florida man works in child care, is arrested on child porn charges
florida man felon finds gun possession loophole; conviction thrown out
florida man, high on meth, 'cuts off genitals, feeds them to alligator'
florida man charged with riding manatees in keys
florida man implicated in nationwide park ranger sex scandal
florida man, a middle school teacher, charged with getting child pregnant
florida man puts up yard display showing hillary in prison
what happens when you let florida man - ahem, florida architect john henry - design "castles". one eye-searing mcmansion after another.
florida man officer suspended with pay after gun goes off in home, shooting worker
florida man shoots fish with a glock
troopers arrest florida man bucs tight end on dui charge
manatees riding florida man talks smack to cops, arrested
manatee-riding florida man talks smack to cops, gets arrested
florida man arrested after touching manatees
florida man accused of ramming car into senior citizen during school drop off dispute
florida man arrested for molesting a manatee
florida man(nequin) goes to the airport
florida man arrested for stealing 2 tons of bacon
florida man steals naked donald trump statue
florida man steals more than $700 worth of diapers at walmart
florida man becomes video game villain
florida man rides walrus
florida man rides manatee
florida man stealing cameras identified by his florida man bun
florida man sets his home ablaze as he's manufacturing hash oil. he races back into the house to rescue his hash oil, leaving his baby behind.
florida man tries to rob florida man
florida man hipsters wake up to sign of the times, revolt
florida man turns pok mon into humans
florida man leads cops on low speed chase
a florida man poem
florida man encountered at the metrorail station in downtown miami
florida man busted riding a manatee in florida keys
florida man charged after pouring a cup of semen on a woman
florida man breaks into pool, goes skinny dipping, and grabs himself a cold one.
florida man handcuffed after screaming about isis in college library
manatee-riding florida man talks smack to cops, arrested
florida man shares words of wisdom on the rear window of his nissan xterra
florida man arrested for riding manatees
florida man has "one too many long island iced teas" and crashes 72' $500,000 yacht into shore. abandons yacht.
florida man belly dances for drivers stuck in traffic
florida man cyclists find 8-foot burmese python along road near miami
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns himself in
florida man called 911, then a gun rights hotline, after he shot someone
homeless florida man attacked by alligator while swimming
florida man boy stabbed his mother because he was not allowed to drink
florida man calls 911, then a gun hotline, after he shot someone
florida man swimming in river attacked by gator
florida man coach given unsportsmanlike conduct penalty by own players
florida man tries to make marijuana wax, blows up his house, grabs the pot, leaves a baby and 2 dogs behind
homeless florida man given a home by the sheriff following an attempt to, as he described it "ride" a manatee but which the law interprets as molesting the protected marine mammal.
homeless florida man was asked by law officers what he was doing with a manatee and responded, "i'm riding it." that's a molestation of the protected marine mammal and, as a result, homeless florida man now has a home -- in the jail.
florida man arrested swimming with manatees for inappropriate conduct
florida man disappears in everglades after jumping out of car; search called off
naked florida man breaks into home, bites resident, dies
florida man is professional butt rubber [x-post r/wtf]
florida man attacked by gator
florida man steals more than $45,000 worth of socks, police say
police attempt to return florida man his pet, a 600 lb pig
florida man aims ar-15 rifle at busy street and takes pictures.
florida man on drugs kills imaginary friend and turns himself in
florida representative-man gets slappy
florida man and state representative gets slappy
florida man has a foot fetish
florida man hides under a library's table to sniff women's feet
florida man state rep. keith perry smacks man on camera
florida man creates a twitter bot called @rfloridaman
florida man schools are forcing students to stand during national anthem
florida man hates to follow traffic laws
samsung faces suit after florida man suffered burns from note 7 explosion
florida man shot dead after asking if bulletproof vest 'still worked
naked florida man breaks into home, bites resident, dies
black florida man with confederate flag confronted by kkk members
florida man gets drunk, grounds yacht, leaves it on the beach.
florida man goes from fianc  to h sb nd in 30 seconds flat
florida man who shot at george zimmerman during a road rage incident has been convicted of attempted murder
florida man gets 215 million gallons of radioactive water leaked into drinking water
florida man sues samsung, says galaxy note 7 exploded in his pants
florida man convicted of attempted murder of george zimmerman
florida man found guilty of running child porn site  playpen 
florida man tries to get all the rewards for bogus information
naked florida man breaks into house, bites the resident, and then dies
florida man falsely claims he knows where a body is buried for prize package
florida man gets into brawl with 14 others at a hooters located in the tourist district, 1 hospitalized with stab wounds
florida man arrested after attacking girlfriend with banana
81 year old florida woman hits florida man on bike with her car, yells at him to return key
florida man uses facebook alias 'prettyass moniee' to escape from courthouse
florida man stabbed after softball teams brawl at hooters
florida man, and 21 cohorts, nabbed in child sex sting.
florida man wants city council to ban national anthem protesters from public events
florida man principal requires students to stand during national anthem
senior florida man busted in shuffleboard rage incident
florida man wanted after marijuana wax fire, left dogs in the house to die.
florida man blinded by unlikely injury from catfish
florida man received xbox one prototype two months before its official unveiling
florida man attacks george zimmerman
florida man sues samsung, says galaxy note 7 exploded in his front pants pocket
florida man received xbox one two months before its unveiling
florida man got an xbox one prototype three months early!
50-year-old florida man with autism goes missing in miami
florida man gets xbox one prototype two months early!
florida man received xbox one two months before its unveiling
florida man caught drinking in puddle faces drug charges (with floridaman mugshot)
florida man running from the police gets bit by a 4 year old, tries to hide in a clothes dryer
florida man, collier county high school principle gets tough on anthem protestors
florida man loses tool while assaulting woman thanks to this anti rape devise.
florida man in broward county robs subway after complaining about his free cookie
florida man and florida woman are put on notice, if you decide to swim in boca ciega bay, you're going to be wading in garbage.
florida man poses as building inspector, attempts to bilk business owner out of money. ruse was blown when people became suspicious that a county employee was actually trying to do work.
caught on video florida man state representative slaps florida man who messes with his campaign sign in latest episode of florida man versus florida man
for the florida man
florida man caught drinking from puddle faces drug charges
there's still some good karma left down here for a florida man
florida man kills cousin testing bullet proof vest
florida man gets 11+ years in prison for 'pepper-spray bomb' gold truck heist
florida man arrested after fight with wife over tv remote control
florida man builds parking canopy in wrong spot after reading the plans upside down
florida man dui driver says speech slurred because wisdom teeth pulled 20 years ago
florida man fatally shot by his cousin after wondering if his bulletproo...
florida man fatally shot by cousin after wondering if bulletproof vest still worked
florida man sentenced for stealing gold bound to bridgewater
florida man named coffee arrested for throwing coffee
florida man places order, pays at taco bell before robbing it
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she calls out ex-husband's name during sex.
florida woman arrested after calling in bomb threat to prevent her florida man boyfriend from submitting a urine sample
florida man arrested in arson of mosque that orlando shooter attended
florida man gets 11+ years prison for $4.8m gold truck heist
florida man suffers loss of sight when hit in face with catfish
zimmerman testifies florida man shot at him during traffic encounter
florida man accused of shooting at george zimmerman
florida man shot and killed after asking if flak jacket works
florida man stabs florida man for cutting him off
florida man dead after cousins test bulletproof vest
florida man dead after cousins test bulletproof vest
florida man shoots, kills cousin testing bulletproof vest
florida man shot dead after asking if bulletproof vest 'still worked' | us news
florida man tests whether bulletproof vest works; dies
police: florida man shot cousin to test bullet proof vest
florida man fatally shot after asking if bulletproof vest works
florida man eating chicken wings shot and killed by sheriff deputies
florida man shot by cousin was wearing flak jacket, not a bullet-resistant vest
florida man says samsung galaxy note 7 blew up and torched his jeep
florida man arrested at a car dealership for faking his medical credentials
does this bullet proof vest still work? let's find out the florida man way
florida man" claims hologram-wielding intruders abducted woman.
award-winning florida man cop exposed as liar by surveillance camera
florida man and his wife made a low budget fictional retelling of their relationship
florida man says he "deserves an award" for murdering ex-wife
florida man and his wife made a low budget (trashy) movie about being bipolar (2014)
florida man tests a bulletproof test and checks if it's actually bulletproof
florida man puts on old scrubs and tries to steal drugs
florida man fugitive uses 'wanted' poster as facebook profile pic
florida man said sheriff's office told him to steal car
florida man in wheelchair steals donation jar from business
florida man is lucky mom is a judge, otherwise he might not have gotten away with lying to the cops about that dui crash.
florida man killed in attempt to see if bulletproof vest worked
florida man shot, killed while "testing" bullet proof vest on another florida man
florida man is dead sunday after police said his cousin shot him in the chest to see if the bulletproof vest he was wearing actually worked
florida man steals patrol car, says 'this is a felony?'
florida man dumps millions of gallons of raw sewage into tampa bay
florida man ignores samsung note 7 recall, leaves phone on car charger and burns his jeep to the ground.
florida man kills imaginary friend and turns himself in
florida man arrested for pretending to be a doctor in florida, arrested in virginia
deputy florida man shoplifts from walmart, drives off in his marked patrol car
florida man's grandfather, florida man, dies on masked crusade against innocent bystander
elderly florida man dies after donning mask, attacking neighbor with hammer
teenage florida man previously arrested for impersonating a doctor arrested trying to buy a jaguar
florida man "dr. doogie" malachi love-robinson arrested on new charges
florida man gets 20 days in prison for hacking state websites as 'political stunt'
florida man gets 20 days in prison for hacking florida state elections websites as 'political stunt'
florida (wo)man sets revenge blaze, wrong car.
florida man burns his jeep with his note 7
mother child victim says florida man state attorney is the reason rape victims don't come forward.
u.s. government provides florida man with 300 joints a month, for 34 years.
the man, the myth, the florida legend.
the man, the myth, the florida man legend.
florida man kills imaginary best friend, turns self into police
florida man admits to disemboweling girlfriend during sex
florida man' got all these darn jokesters
florida man runs over couple's motorcycle in shocking road-rage
florida man sex offender list walmart has his home address, and it's legal
registered sex offender florida man lists walmart as his address, and it's legal
shirtless florida man grabs the mic, fights cars and signs
police: florida man steals patrol car, says 'this is a felony?'
florida man shoots neighbor's service dogs. this has my blood burning beyond all belief
18-month old florida man bitten by another child over a dozen times at a day care, florida daycare workers nowhere to be found
florida man says his galaxy note 7 exploded and set his jeep on fire
florida man says jeep totaled by exploding phone
florida man walmart s 9/11 tribute features twin towers made out of coke products
florida man blames child rape victim because "she was with him voluntarily".
florida man:  it was an accident. my kid was eating shit"
florida man, who moved from new york last month, shot and killed 1/2 a block away from police station
florida man builds tribute to 9/11 in florida walmart made out of coke
sex offender achieves the florida man dream of officially living at walmart
florida man steals police car, and is unsure of whether he has committed a crime
florida man lists his home on airbnb
florida woman allegedly solicits bribe from part-time florida man. what makes this more than a mating ritual is that she's the attorney general and he's the republican nominee for president.
florida man cited for drunken driving after hitting highway patrol car on i-95
florida man was arrested on sunday after police said he flagged down an officer to have his phone charged and then pulled out credit cards that the officer noticed were stolen
police: florida man goes on beer theft spree, caught after he drops his phone
florida man calls tea party gov. rick scott a  motherf*cker  while giving him the finger
drunk florida man arrested after crashing 72-foot yacht aptly-named "time out" into beach
sex offender florida man lists walmart as his home address
florida (congress)man threatens to unleash zika mosquitoes on house floor
florida man brings jar of mosquitoes to the u.s. house floor to discuss zika
florida man pleads guilty to impersonating sen. dick durbin to erase home loan
florida man poses as officer, moons server
florida man sets profile picture to his wanted poster, instantly gets caught
florida man flags down deputy to charge phone, gets arrested
florida man turns classic car into monster truck
florida man uses his own wanted poster as his facebook profile picture
video of florida governor rick scott getting screamed at by florida man
florida man, a self-proclaimed crack-smoking alcoholic, denies sex with girl
florida man arrested after using wanted poster as his facebook profile pic
florida man sheriff blames victims for getting robbed
florida man uses his own wanted poster as facebook profile picture
florida man arrested after using his wanted poster as profile pic
florida man rescues deer from python's death grip in ochopee
florida man dies after jumping out of moving truck over argument about tattoo
florida man arrested for hacking linux kernel organization
florida man dupes boy scout with fake $100 bill.
florida man arrested after using dating app to lure minors for prostitution
florida man gives boss something extra
florida man loses his innocence
florida man lawrence taylor arrested -- again
florida man shot while speeding toward florida officer
florida man is the hero we deserve
florida man upset about tattoo, jumps from moving truck
florida man jailed for golf cart dui at parents' retirement home
whadya win, florida man?
florida man arrested for hacking linux kernel organization in 2011 (a different type of florida man)
florida man poisons co-worker's soda; was passed over for promotion
beer bandit florida man busted after leaving cell phone at the scene of the crime
florida woman dresses up like florida man so her son doesn't miss "donuts with dad" event
florida man defends his homeland with 'best. state. ever.'
vladimir putin is also a florida man
florida man found huffing duster fumes on stolen scooter, police say
florida man was arrested after using his own wanted poster as his facebook profile picture.
florida man's long lost brother rhode island man shoots corn at his neighbors house using potato gun
florida man arrested again for impersonating a doctor
florida man survived lightning strike, spider bite, and snake bite
florida man gets expelled from peewee football for a fight he didn't start
florida man (inmate) charged with eating meth-laced drawings
rest in peace florida man
tampa s newest bikini-clad street performer has  holla  tattooed on his forehead. florida man claims he can make $1k "on a good day." once you look at him, you just wonder what qualifies as a good day.
florida man arrested after masturbating in bush
deputies: florida man bangs head against patrol car, fakes seizure during arrest
florida man attacks girlfriend's ex-lover with a sword
florida man claims he has pokemon, tries to lure kids into car, police say
florida man uses wanted poster for facebook profile photo.
florida man robs pizza guy, gives a slice to stranger.
florida man makes 'wanted' poster his facebook pic, is busted for outstanding warrants
florida man charged with "assault with a deadly weapon" after throwing an alligator through a drive-thru window
assault with a deadly weapon: florida man charged with throwing alligator into wendy s - the washington post
florida man, dave barry, regales the history of florida (full article quoted in comments).
florida man uses his own wanted poster as facebook profile picture
forceful florida man
florida man sparks worlds largest dick joke thread
vladimir putin is florida man!
florida man dressed as dinosaur arrested with airsoft rifle
florida man arrested for performing oral sex on homeless woman while exposed on a public boardwalk at 1pm.
florida man uses private plane to draw giant radar penis
florida man spills the bees - a million of 'em
police: florida man robs pizza delivery man, gives slice to stranger during escape
florida man named mr. easter jams his eggs into a banana hammock for your entertainment - he'll be your holla back girl
florida man "holla" sighting on biscayne &amp; ne 209
florida man might run for president (again)
florida man attempts to set gas station aflame after he's caught stealing cheetos
gay florida man plans labor day massacre
florida man opens zombie themed bar and laser tag attraction.
florida man named "vladimir putin" arrested for screaming at grocery store employees
florida man vladimir putin arrested on trespassing charges
florida woman kicks florida man in head after he refuses to have sex with her.
florida man hit with dart while going to work
florida man tried faking urine test with tube full of warm mountain dew
police: florida man dressed as dinosaur arrested with airsoft rifle
police: florida man busted with pot pipe that displayed sex act
police: florida man unable to stay awake while taking sobriety tests
florida man is accused of slashing off his girlfriend s clothes with a boxcutter
deputies: florida woman attacks man after he declines having sex
florida man "acting a little odd" gets arrested co-piloting plane with a .3 bac
florida man, on house arrest, shoots mother's boyfriend
bikini-clad, street performing, florida man with "holla!" tattooed on forehead arrested
florida man struggles with commitment
florida congresswoman who rigged presidential primary elections for hillary clinton crushes unprecedented non-incumbent progressive florida man
florida man dead after scuba diving.. in nevada.
florida man allegedly tells officers to take "all his money and just let him walk away."
florida man attempts to drink cooking oil and gets sent back to the bar only to leave and drink an unknown substance in a garage and stab and face-bite his way into a double homicide
florida man invades home in second attack linked to designer drugs
florida man stabs another man in the back before stabbing himself in the neck and jumping in a pool
fishing florida man catches 'modern-day dinosaur'
finally, florida man explains his state's weirdness; it mostly has to do with too many people, but most of us believe there's something in the water.
florida man, high on methylone, acid, hurls himself through stranger's home
florida man hospitalized after car careens 500 feet off medium after going wrong way on road at over 100 mph
florida man sends 6 year-old home from school in panties and t-shirt
florida man explains his state's weirdness
florida man banned from ordering pizza
florida 'vampire' man, who sexually abused multiple young girls in church, gets probation
florida man survives lightning strike, spider, snake bites
florida man spends 36 years in jail over a 4-year theft sentence, prolonged by seven successful escapes
florida man attempts to fly a jet with a .30 bac
florida man arrested for punching child's teeth out
facebook like gets florida man returned to jail.
florida man freaks out on room-mate. mr. clean dubstep???
what happens when florida man writes your code: a list of zoning districts in unincorporated palm beach county that includes "human male genitals in a discernibly turgid state".
sunks house of a florida man who won a u.s. supreme court victory over the right to live on a houseboat
florida man hitches ride on school bus after burglary
florida man pops balloons in mall, causes mass panic and injures 10 people
florida man selected to run gop presidential campaign. turns out he's likely committing voter fraud.
florida man survives lightning strike, spider, snake bites
florida man sent back to jail over a "like" on facebook
florida man spotted yesterday afternoon performing oral sex on a woman lying down on a florida beach boardwalk told cops that he was an  emergency responder and had to assist the female as it was his duty
florida man wants to rent out his haunted house,
florida man co-pilot with blood-shot eyes, slurred speech and 0.3 breathalyzer gets arrested
police: florida man found having sex on the beach, said  he was an emergency responder and had to assist the female as it was his duty. 
army's quest for deadlier  green  bullet won t enrich florida man
facebook 'like' gets florida man a return trip to jail
florida man has his own laser light show
florida co-pilot man arrested and fired after being found by captain to be drunk before takeoff
florida man steals $10k in lotto tickets, allows clerk to take his photo leading to his arrest
florida man opens city council meeting with satanist prayer, and, well, just watch
florida man goes to jail for foodfight
florida man, 83, dismembered by dogs, witnesses say
florida man threatens to kill woman with spider
florida man plans to appeal "bitcoin is not real money" verdict.
florida man hits wife over too many pork chop meals
florida man accused of stabbing nephew
florida man found dead in a gopher tortoise hole
florida man and florida woman contact 8 on your side after smelly, putrid loads dumped near their business
florida cops report krispy kreme doughnut's glaze as crystal meth, florida man says
florida man jailed for oral activity on boardwalk.
florida man joey fatone's new hot dog mall kiosk sparks shooting scare
florida man stabbed girlfriend after she refused to give him a good-night kiss
florida man caught viewing child porn at work, molesting and stalking kids   29 times!
nothing defines florida man more than his shenanigans -- in this case involving alcohol, weed, a gun, a golf cart, and getting naked.
florida man, ex-employee blows himself up inside semi truck
florida man, ex-employee, blows himself up inside semi-trailer at trucking company
face-eating florida man may have dropped pants and guzzled garage chemicals
florida man driving through north dakota kills half of a family
florida man school bus driver makes 5-year-old get out on the side of a busy highway because she was on the wrong bus.
goat-blood-drinking florida man candidate considers himself friend of white supremacists
florida man gets tattooed for trump
florida man survives brain-eating amoeba with 97% fatality rate
florida man found dead inside gopher tortoise hole
adventures of florida man!
to catch a florida man (ft. chris hansen)
florida man dead after date, accomplices rob and shoot him
florida man &amp; florida woman arrested for having sex in grocery store parking lot
florida man "off his medication": breaks life preserver, throws furniture over side of yacht, gives "peace" sign to security camera
naked florida woman in hotel lobby tells cops there s no need to check her room where they wound up finding a florida man and plenty of drugs.
proof that florida man isn't all bad
florida man is placing anti-trump flags in dog poop piles
florida man dismembered, eaten by neighbors' dogs
85 year old florida man banned from publix after offering woman $20 to play with her breasts
naked florida man masturbating on the street
florida man eaten alive by neighbor's dogs
florida man forgets previous encounter with police
not your average florida man. florida man returns lost wallet with $3400 inside to florida woman.
florida man attacks his coworkers and throws frozen hamburgers at his boss after learning he's about to get written up for being late for work
florida man threatens 'friend' with gun during nude rage
face-biting florida man killed them to death
florida man lured to his death by online date
florida man: truck driver with naked wife in cab sentenced for bus crash
florida man threatens brother with knife after being called fat
florida man, gop congressional candidate goes on profane (and recorded) phone tirade against reporter
florida woman escapes kidnapper florida man by jumping out of the trunk of a moving car
florida man loses his cool on the campaign trail, drops more than one f-bomb on reporter
police: drunk florida man takes the heat after drunk wife drives up with ride
elderly florida man banned from store after asking to play with lady's breasts
maryland republican opportunistically becomes florida man to run in election, issues category 5 hurricane of profanity when confronted
extremely intoxicated" florida man police officer brawls with hotel security while holding a baby
florida man spends 13 hours getting a donald trump tattoo
florida man was arrested after police said he was stumbling around and couldn t get a cab because his wife had his wallet
florida man and his girlfriend beat his grandmother for refusing to drive them to a house to have sex.
florida man accused of threatening to feed an 8-year-old boy to alligators
florida man uber driver  terrorized  women, tried to exchange rides for sex, police say
florida man impersonates police office to avoid buying a ticket for high school football game
florida man sentenced to life in prison for raping 100-year-old woman
florida man impersonates police officer for a discounted ticket to a high school football game
florida man found naked, intoxicated, in sebastian inlet state park
florida man &amp; florida woman arrested in mobile meth lab in a public park
84-year-old florida man remembered by one of his fraternity brothers as a "very smart guy" and a "terrific lawyer" drowns when his wheelchair fell off a dock into the st. johns river
florida man motorsports
florida man who ate another man's face was last seen wearing a "make america great again" hat.
flpoprida man pulls over florida deputy for speeding
florida man pulls over florida deputy for speeding
florida man, florida woman arrested after police find 16 decomposing bodies inside florida funeral home
florida man shreds national anthem so hard, cops are after him.
florida man gets 10 years after striking bicyclist with his truck
florida man goes to brazil, gets drunk, damages property and gets into a fight with security guards
florida man student arrested after shotgun spotted in truck
toddler saved by florida man after boat capsizes
florida man plans his next escapade
florida man exposes himself on usf campus multiple times in one night
florida man found eating face of victim after random fatal double stabbing: cops
drunk florida man fires a gun in the air while driving
potty-mouth florida man accuses locksmith of being a cop. real cop not amused.
newton, ma teen becomes honorary florida man on vacation in florida with family after stabbing mother and little brother
florida man beats 8yr old boy and then threatened to feed him to alligators
florida man, woman arrested after 16 bodies were found neglected, decaying at funeral home
florida man arrested for threatening to feed boy to alligators
deputies: florida man threatened to feed boy to alligators
face-eating florida man sports a "make america great again" hat
florida man warns alabama pedophile that he's going to be confronted by canadian pedophile hunter vigilante.
florida man exposes himself to students at school bus stop.
naked florida man found showering with garden hose at key west high school
florida man in ohio has sex with a van, down by the river
judge bans overweight florida man from ordering pizza after excessively prank calling pizza restaurants.
florida police finally capture elusive cuban florida man career criminal known as 'the ghost'
florida man arrested for upskirt photography, showing genitals off to a nine year old
florida man teaching courses where learners can practice how to be a hero in public shooting situations
florida man shrugs off tazers and police dog after stabbing couple and eating their faces due to slow service at a restaurant
florida man accused of stripping in front of children walking to school
florida man over 55 community has the highest draft beer consumption of draft beer and std rate in the state
florida man senior community has the highest consumption of draft beer and std rate in the state
headline: florida man drunkenly breaks bathroom door, tells the entire world he is a fearless victim of theft and an assassination attempt. flees country.
florida man, who allegedly killed two people and ate someone's face, has bizarre online persona
cannibal florida man believes he is a super hero. murders couple in their garage and eats off their faces.
florida man and florida woman attack grandmother for refusing them a ride to a place where they can have sex
florida man arrested after attempted sex act with parked van
florida man school bus driver drops kindergartner at waffle house
florida man arrested after he shot and killed an alligator that threatened his horses and attacked his stepson
florida man wanted for lying to police about being robbed in rio
florida man in maryland gets angry when girl won't let him order a pizza
florida man stabbed married couple to death before biting flesh off man's face'
florida man fucked up today
today, florida man fucked up
florida man beats up grandama because she wouldn't drive him for a sex-date with his girlfriend.
florida man left covered in beer during highway dispute involving "nasty gestures"
florida man flashes his junk at cops.
florida student, 19 kills older couple and eats man's face off (what's with florida man eating faces?)
florida man accused of intentionally crashing car while having argument with girlfriend
florida man wanted after brazenly stealing 9 cases of beer
florida man caught eating stranger's face
florida man improperly stores 16 dead bodies
florida man: florida college student kills couple, eats victim's face, officials say
not a good beach day: florida man hits tourist with shovel
florida man approaches a police car
when florida man finds just the right spot to pleasure himself, like a public park rest room, he will do anything to maintain his "stroke spot", even bribing kiddies not to tell on him.
florida man found chewing on persons face after fatal stabbing
florida man arrested for firing gun while drunk driving.
florida man arrested for storing corpses in fridge
a florida man reinforces the zombie apocalypse has begun
florida man pulls over the sheriff because he was speeding
double stabbing with face eating for dessert for this florida man.
florida man found biting off victim's face, florida deputies say
florida man invades house, steals 2 packs of sausages, paper towels.
california man tries to rob a florida man's home, gets beaten with his own bat
florida man has unique way of saying hello to passing motorists; he shows his junk. shows junk to arresting officer and offers this rhetorical statement, "i guess i did something stupid."
florida man asked to stop spray painting birds
florida man kills couple, tries to bite man's face off
45yo florida man disobeys his mother and chucks tap dancing flamingo while his children watch
florida man loves to suck face
florida man has the munchies
florida man told to please stop painting the turtles
florida man wildlife-official begs public to stop spray-painting the birds
police catch florida man biting off victim's face at scene of double murder
florida man found by police eating victim's face after stabbing him and his wife to death.
florida man caught eating stranger's face was standout student, fsu frat brother
florida man channels his inner werewolf, butchering and eating a couple in their garage.
florida man, another one bites the face
deputies: florida man stabbed couple to death, bit dead man's face
florida man, woman beat grandmother because she refused to drive them to a home where they could have sex
florida man shoe store thieves duped by store managers
florida man injured after lightning strike throws him off atv
florida man la rams linebacker commits traffic violations instead of going to practice, tells police that he'll call the white house to get them fired
florida man passes out at deltona drive-thru, charged with dui, child neglect, deputies say
traitor!': florida man unleashes tirade at media following trump rally
florida man goes to hotel thinking he's going to get laid, gets his shoes stolen instead
florida man hits woman and starts fire in argument over furniture
florida man and buddy steal tip jar from south florida business. get a load of his mugshot
florida man attacks flamingo at busch gardens in front of parkgoers
florida man ryan lochte tells story of being robbed at gunpoint in rio, puts hands up when told to get down, tells fake cop 'whatever'
florida man breaks into house, calls police on himself
florida man ditches son in police chase because he couldn't keep up
judge forbids florida man from ordering pizza after restaurants report harassing phone calls
judge bans florida man from ordering pizza over excessive prank calling
florida man attacks grandmother who wouldn't drive him somewhere to have sex
florida man is supreme
florida man torches church to get at "devil worshippers"
6-year-old florida man beats 2-week old sister to death while locked in a hot car
florida man hangs up confederate battle flag at trump rally, is angry when asked to take it down
florida man takes vacation in alabama
lieutenant florida man, head of local office of professional standards, has gun and badge stolen while on vacation
florida man, hired to humanely trap and relocate nuisance ducks, decides to go another way
long overdue: south florida man doctor returning library book he borrowed as a student in 1976
florida man drowns diving off bridge after hat... forgot he couldn't swim...
florida man arrested for forcing daughter to wear a homemade back brace (x-post r/legaladvice)
florida man twerks to get judge's attention
florida man twerks at judge.
florida man grand theft auto suspect twerks in court.
south florida man contracts brain-eating amoeba in broward county waters
florida man arrested for snoring too loud.
florida man sez, "if you only suck at one sport, you're just not trying hard enough."
florida man killed in 'ironic' road rage incident after serving 10 years in prison for road rage incident
florida man stabs wife during argument over peeling mangoes
florida man released after road rage death killed by motorist
disgraced florida man spotted at trump rally
florida man suspected of a school break in starts shaking his booty in court
florida man art prof penalizes students for saying 'melting pot'
florida man accused of stealing a car twerks in court for a miami-dade judge
florida man gets himself banned from ordering pizza delivery
florida man suspected of stealing a car, twerks in front of judge in bond court
meta florida man] do we hate rick scott and why?
florida man banned from ordering pizza from any establishment after harassing phone calls
florida man stops traffic to watch manatees having sex
a woman was shot and killed by florida man in front of more than 30 people tuesday evening during a live gun demonstration at police headquarters
florida man tries bringing gun to disney theme park, attempts to impersonate officer
florida man wants his mac and cheese. okay, so technically this story is from ct but it's much funnier than his florida arrest
florida man cop kills civilian during training exercise at police station
florida woman attacks man with scissors, asks daughter to grab gun
florida man shoots unarmed woman during training
florida man confronts neighborhood speedster, florida woman tells deputies he s a stalker
judge bans florida man from ordering pizza
florida man arrested for lighting thumper the rabbit on fire
florida man starts it, florida woman ends it
florida man convicted in road rage death shot and killed after new roadside confrontation
florida man, convicted in road rage death in 2002, is killed after new roadside confrontation.
florida man cites  stand your ground  law after shooting unarmed ex-girlfriend in face at denny s
florida man twists off 2-year-old boy's nipples
florida man kills someone while on his way to kill someone else.
florida man robbed by dolphin
even the dolphins at seaworld have become florida man
florida man crashes into house at 80 mph, tells occupants "i'm sorry" and runs off.
florida man on his way to kill someone kills a bystander along the way because "the headlights made him angry"
florida woman accused of allowing sons to shoot bbs at homeless man
florida man caught stealing 30+ stick deodorants - k9 sniffs him out
florida man is taking on rio's water problem by himself
florida mom allegedly encourages sons to shoot homeless man with bb guns
florida woman allegedly encourages sons to shoot homeless man with bb guns
florida man who faked own death will pay $1 million to u.s. coast guard for rescue mission
florida man living in all his florida glory (no special story of anything specific fm did - just the story of a true knuckle-dragging get-er-done dirt rocker)
florida man starves and neglects hundreds of pigs at "rescue farm".
florida man with no arms trashes hotel lobby
florida man films penis-shaped ufo
florida man loses his cool when cat brings in live bat
florida man travels to rio to collect garbage from the city's bay.
florida man loses big contest, has been found wandering around boston at night.
sad florida man has been wandering around boston at night
florida man stalks florida woman by sending her pizza and fireworks, making custom parking signs for her workplace
police: florida woman allowed juveniles to shoot bbs at homeless man
study proves florida man is the worst driver in the usa
florida man meets a friend at dollar tree
florida man says no abortions for zika-infected women
florida man sells camel... on facebook?
florida man going 80 mph drives through a house, says "i'm sorry" and runs away
florida man arrested in connection with two bomb threats written on bathroom walls.
florida man tries to use taco as id after he accidently sets his car on fire
florida man steals coke truck, rams through gate of plant, backs over an off duty cop, crashes into another, and gets shot while choking out a cop.
florida man steals truck, lets owner's dog die
florida man doing a wheelie on motorcycle, cop gets behind motorcyclist &amp; puts his lights on for a second then speeds away.
florida man goes camping, gets raped by bigfoot
florida man attacks person with hammer for blocking his usual parking space
florida man ditches 5-year-old son who couldn't keep up during police chase
florida man kills flamingo
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face for bragging about killing trayvon martin
florida man destroys baby hawk's nest, leaving it an orphan
worst florida man ever gets punched in the face
florida man sues medical sleep testing company after its dapper ceo forced scientology on him
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face after hearing him brag about killing trayvon martin
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face after he brag about trayvon martin
florida man punched george zimmerman after he bragged he s  that guy who killed trayvon martin 
florida man trips on acid at cedar point amusement park, freaks out, tries to tackle police officer.
florida man punches george zimmerman in face at restaurant
florida man flim-flams the zim-zam
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face
florida man is moonlighting as officer rob a ho
famed flamingo pinky dead in florida after man attacks it
florida man fatally injures 'pinky' the dancing flamingo.
florida man loves mangos, hates wife...stabbing ensues.
florida man arrested for attacking his wife for supporting hillary clinton.
fatigued florida man driving home after work fails to notice patrol car parked assisting people involved in a car wreck, swerves his vehicle onto the shoulder &amp; strikes florida woman police sergeant.
florida man sick of his $1,000,000 island, wants to trade for a porsche 918
florida man arrested after attack on busch gardens flamingo forces vets to euthanize bird
florida man george zimmerman punched in face for allegedly bragging about killing trayvon martin
florida man punches george zimmerman for  bragging  about killing trayvon martin
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face for bragging about killing trayvon martin.
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face for 'bragging' about killing trayvon martin
florida man punches george zimmerman in the face.
florida man brags about killing trayvon martin, is punched in the face.
florida man tears up yard after woman posts bad review of his wife's business
florida man and fellow walmart employees kill shoplifter attempting to escape.
florida man rages after being confronted for cutting in line at gas pump.
in addition to being the world's worst superhero, florida man is the worst driver in all of the us
florida man is nothing if not a staunch defender of his mate. his motto is, "if you put a bad review on my wife's web site, i'll tear up your lawn."
florida man vanilla ice misses flight, throws ticket at agent in anger
florida man tries flushing 6-week-old son down toilet
florida man attacks and kills dancing flamingo named pinky at busch gardens
florida man arrested after chasing ghosts with a machete
florida man steals jaguar to drive to drug buy, then has it stolen
florida man attacks  dancing flamingo  at busch gardens; animal euthanized.
florida man man accused of attacking pinky the flamingo at busch gardens
florida man and trump supporter throws 73-year-old wife to ground during political argument
florida man grabs and throws down busch gardens "ambassador animal" pinky the flamenco-dancing flamingo, leading to the animal being euthanized and a felony animal cruelty charge for the perpetrator.
florida man grabs and throws down pinky the flamenco-dancing flamingo, ambassador animal at busch gardens, and causes injuries severe enough to necessitate her being euthanized.
one of those days for this florida man
florida man wakes up speaking only swedish, with no memory of his past
florida man uses taco as id after his car catches fire at taco bell
florida man can't hold it.
florida man throws fit over lost phone, shatters door at bowling alley.
florida man incinerates his boat and one other after lighting a candle in the bathroom because he "didn't want it to smell bad after using it"
florida man does donuts on florida woman's lawn in his pickup after critical online review of animal clinic
florida man drives with fully grown pot plant in bed of pickup truck
florida man stabbed wife after fight over messy mangoes
florida man charged with stabbing wife over messy mango eating in bedroom
florida man snags 13-foot long shark with friends
florida man disguised as a tampa cop uses dodge charger to charge homeless man's wheelchair
84 yr old florida man stabbed his wife during an argument over the sloppy peeling of mangoes.
police: florida man followed driver in his golf cart, spit on her
florida man suffers 15 broken ribs and death after attempting to shoplift nearly $400 worth of dvds from walmart.
florida man  baptized  boy in pool filled with algae and bugs
florida man ever successful pokemon go player reveals the secret of how you can catch 'em all
florida man surprises stranger with free car
florida man in body armor at walmart tells police they are preparing for doomsday
florida man inadvertently attempts 1440 arial in car and lives (caught on video)
fwc begs florida man to stop painting turtles
florida man wants his people to be free
florida man throws glass salsa jar at car in fit of road rage
florida man robbed of 28,000 trying to buy bitcoin at palm beach boston market
florida man strangles woman with dog leash
florida man sues microsoft for windows 10 update
florida man charged with aggravated battery after whacking a tourist with a shovel in a dispute over digging at the beach.
florida man deputy arrested for taking prostitute to local fun park for gang bang
florida man gets 17 years in $4.8m gold truck heist
florida man writes anti-hillary slogans on crabs
florida man continues lucky streak to become first in us to get zika virus
florida man charged with picking magic mushrooms while carrying an alligator
florida man says cops mistook krispy kreme doughnut crumbs for meth
florida man arrested when florida officer mistakes krispy kreme doughnut glaze for meth
florida man arrested when cop thinks glaze on krispy kreme donuts is meth!
florida man arrested for dunking boy in filthy pool
florida man catches zika.
florida man says god told him to wake child, baptize him in pool bonus: kid gets ear and eye infection
florida man steals harry potter collection, "father of the bride" zippo lighter, extension cords, guns, and more
florida man drags 11yo to filthy swimming pool for forced baptism
florida man arrests florida man for meth possession, later finds out it's just donut glaze.
florida man seen in his native habitat
11-year-old hospitalized after florida man drags him to filthy swimming pool for forced baptism
florida man throws 6 molotov cocktails at roommates' house after being asked to leave
florida man arrested after officer mistakes krispy kreme doughnut glaze for meth
florida man tries to warn us but it's too late!
florida man tries to warn us but it's too late :(
florida man arrested when florida cops mistake krispy kreme donut glaze for meth
florida man charged with masturbating at beach
florida man attempts to jump from neighbor's balcony to his own after getting locked out, fails.
racist florida man attacks random black family with confederate flag truck while shouting racist slur
florida man rams into black family with confederate flag van
florida man trump supporter makes himself incarcerated again
gatorade bottle leads to the downfall of florida man
a florida man was reportedly robbed at knifepoint during a sale of $28,000 in bitcoin this week
florida man beats something other than his meat
florida man chasing ghosts with machete, arrested in deltona deputies say.
florida man arrested for meth. turns out it was donut glaze
florida man ordered by county to keep bbq smell on his own property
florida man, 80, arrested in strangling death of presque isle resident
florida man raped woman so he could go to jail and seek revenge for son
florida man believes dealer sold him "bad" grass which made him sick. extorts $500 out of dealer, demands more which turns into a fight which gets the cops involved who arrest florida man for extortion, among other things.
25 years ago, pee-wee herman became a florida man
florida man arrested for assault, gave officers his alias "dickface johnson"
florida man named hemingway wins ernest hemingway lookalike competition
florida man falls on bad luck, not to mention the ground four stories below because he believed balcony hopping works better than calling the landlord to get his apartment unlocked.
florida man exposed his rump to festival-goers, cops say
florida paramedic man gets into selfie war using patients for photos with florida woman
florida man busted for urinating in public, yelling
florida man says cops mistook krispy kreme doughnut glaze for meth
florida man arrested for throwing and alligator into wendy's drive thru
florida man cleared of money laundering after selling bitcoins to agent ponzi
a successful florida man is a judge with a keen legal mind. his financial mind is a bit dull however, as he declares that bitcoin isn't really money.
florida man headbutts mom because he didn't want to eat chick-fil-a
florida man has the world's most awesome alias (click where it says "click here for poole's alias")
florida man moons an entire festival and smiles for his booking photo
florida man throws salsa jar at car in road rage
registered sex offender florida man was found by police hiding in a plastic storage bin
florida man tries to stab tourist, ends up accidentally stabbing himself
florida man in charge of water regulation wants to allow more toxic chemicals into florida's water.
florida man arrested for not paying $445 strip-club tab
florida man catches 400-pound goliath grouper with a wrench
road outside high school painted to read 'scohol' by florida man
florida man and friends in trouble for using stun guns to discipline children
florida man, father of dancing young florida woman, joins list of donald trump's creditors
deputies: florida man headbutts mom because he didn't want to eat chick-fil-a
florida man accused of ramming confederate-flag van into black couple
florida man ditches his family, starts a new life using a dead man's identity, busted when the dead man's nephew starts a family search on ancestry.com
florida mom says her murder suspect florida man son is too disorganized to plan a hit
florida man sells "custom convertible" w/ built-in beer tap
florida man fights to keep pizza-eating alligator
florida man shows gratitude to mom for buying him chick-fil-a for dinner by headbutting her.
florida man, 30, head-butted mother in face because she brought tendies for dinner, cops say
florida man charged with using stun gun on several children as a punishment
florida man upset he was late for probation meeting chokes dog (dog is fine!!)
florida man and other florida man accused of using stun gun to discipline kids
florida man richard hoagland busted in decades-long secret life that fooled his wife
florida man arrested for assaulting a law enforcement officer. he is definitely guilty of having the "world's greatest alias" -- dickface johnson
police: florida man asks for crack at pizza place on way to rehab
florida man probably should have finished school
florida man shoots another florida man in nuts after cat-calling his wife
florida man has lewd criminal alias
florida man admits helping funnel 2012 foreign political contribution
florida man bites neighbor'  s ear off over a cigarette
florida man serves to exploit
florida man football player saves woman from sexual assault
florida man changes his name to 'kraftwerk' and pretends to be a robot
florida man allows dog to maul man for riding bicycle with no lights
florida man sent home by employer after vandalizing dozens of employee uniforms
florida man steals the dentists boat who shot cecil the lion , then crashes it .
florida man changes his name to "kraftwerk"
florida man hallucinating on meth drags kids into dark woods
florida man just one of many showing support for the gop presidential candidate via "tats for trump"
florida man called hemingway looks like hemingway.
florida man accused of holding gun to breastfeeding woman's head
florida man accused of pulling gun on girlfriend as she breastfed
florida man buys $30 worth of pokeballs
florida man  selfie war  paramedics accused of taking photos with unconscious patients
florida man and florida woman take selfies with unconscious patients
florida man tries to join isis
florida man: three florida men charged with trying to help isis
florida man and florida woman had quite the extensive shopping list. oh wait, they didn't go shopping; they went burgling.
florida man(s) charged with supporting isis
florida man is accused of holding a gun to his girlfriend's head while she fed their 2-week-old baby
police tase florida man after refusing to leave park while playing pok mon go
officer florida man shoots unarmed man lying on ground. the defense: "we meant to shoot the autistic guy next to him."
florida man misses three times trying to kill an autistic man playing with a truck is also a member of swat team.
florida man refuses to leave park over pokemongo, gets tased and arrested
florida man brings a stick to a gunfight and wins
florida man paramedic fired for engaging in a selfie war
florida man charged with living secret double-life for years
video shows florida man raping unconscious woman
video shows florida man raping unconscious woman
florida man walmart employee stabs publix employee after his boss calls him "crazy"
north miami police fear an unarmed autistic florida man with a toy truck so they shoot his councilor who was trying to calm him down
florida man with hands up shot by police while calming autistic patient
florida man holds half-naked burglary suspect at gunpoint on top of doghouse
florida man asks florida man cop why he shot him, and florida man cop responds, "i don't know."
florida man steals boat from dentist who killed cecil the lion
florida man stabs publix employee after shoplifting, then stabs self
florida man used stolen human brain to smoke pot
unarmed therapist with hands in the air shot by florida man while helping autistic patient
identity theft by florida man uncovered after 26 years of impersonation. florida man's brilliant scheme undone by ancestry.com.
florida man catches half-naked burglar, holds him at gunpoint on doghouse
sheriff: florida man stole dead man   s identity 22 years ago
sheriff: florida man stole dead man's identity 22 years ago
deputies: florida woman hits man with frying pan, twice
florida man tackles suspect accused of filming cheerleader campers in arena bathroom
florida man ems paramedics are being investigated for playing "selfie game" with patients
florida man provides free laundry to families across the country
photographic evidence of "extremely tan" florida man on naked terrorizing spree
florida man uses rnc roll call to brag about lebron james
florida man uses stolen brain to get high
florida man refuses to serve miramar police officer at local gas station
florida man wasn't spending enough time with girlfriend. shoots her in the head.
23 y.o. florida man breaks into car, passing vehicle clips victim's car's open door, florida man fires at offending driver with newfound handgun, florida man now safely in jail
florida man, high on flakka breaks into jail; just "visiting friends"
florida man arrested for reportedly tossing gator into wendy's
multitasking florida man flashes people while praying
florida man tries to buy items at mcdonald's using watch as currency, claims god gave him permission to do so
florida man flashes cars while praying
florida man sets police car on fire, leaves note
florida man robs store, says child made him do it
florida man fights to keep cookie-eating pet alligator
florida man shoots at 'pokemon go' players outside house
florida man sets house on fire, kills dog after dispute
florida man fights to keep pizza loving alligator
florida man arrested after nearly 200 pounds of marijuana found in vehicle
florida man shoots at pok mon go-playing teens after mistaking them for thieves
emails show some florida-man building officials still in denial about climate change
florida man emails show some florida man building officials still in denial about climate change
florida man robs pizza delivery man, then soils himself
florida man shoots at pokemon go players outside his house.
florida man, never a slave to fads that don't have to do with alcohol, has a really severe problem with people playing pok mon go outside his house. raises the ante up from telling teens to get off his lawn to shooting at them with his hand gun.
florida man opens fire on two teenagers hunting for pokemon
florida man shoots at 'pokemon go' players outside house
florida man shoots pokemon trainers.
florida man has sex with armadillo; gets leprosy
florida man attempts flight, succeeds in fleeing and eluding police
officials: florida man shoots at 'pokemon go' players outside house
florida man wants you to vote for trump
florida man shoots at teens playing pokemon go.
florida man found with bag full of sex toys after breaking into ex's home
florida man fighting to keep pizza-eating pet alligator in garden
florida man named jesus emasculated during failed bestiality escapade
florida man nuclear plant operator being sued for leaking radioactive material into drinking water
city economic board wants billboard, reminding florida man not to have sex with his daughters, taken down
florida man attempts to kidnap girl in supermarket, florida mom intervenes [xpost /r/mominstincts]
florida man in role reversal: cops, robbers and a car chase.
florida man says most lives matter
florida man says god gave him authority to buy burger with a watch
florida man chants satanic prayer at city council meeting and faces near exorcism in response
florida man robs pizza delivery man, poops pants
florida man arrested at ex s house with backpack of sex toys
florida man fights to keep pizza-loving pet alligator  gwendolyn 
florida man says he can't shoot his boss   /r/subredditsimulator
florida man caught red-handed by florida woman taking upskirt photos in a port orange walmart.
florida man tries to avoid being arrested by covering himself in poop and throwing it at deputies
florida man sues apple on claim he invented iphone in 1992
florida man forgets to renew florida city's domain name
florida man on trial for murder strips off prison jumpsuit and handcuffs, then escapes courthouse
florida man accused of threatening to kill family with samurai sword, deputies say
florida man disrupted by crowd for conducting satanic prayer during city council meeting
florida man pot dealer arrested in miami while playing pokemon go
florida man hits 6 year old boy with car, crashes into vehicle after fleeing scene
florida man fights to keep pet alligator he feeds pizza and chips ahoy
florida man arrested for smoking pot while playing pokemon go
florida man fights to keep cookie eating, pizza loving 'pet' gator
florida man does good: scuba diver has removed over 600 lionfish from local waterways
florida man robs other florida man as he orders kfc, the beats him with stick
florida man high on flakka tries to break into jail 'to visit friends'
florida man breaks into house to steal an empty wine bottle
florida man bank robber covered himself in feces and threw it at officers
naked, enraged florida man arrested in jensen beach
florida man says his name is "big in this county." perhaps because of all the times he's been booked into the county jail?
florida man broke into ex's home, found with backpack of sex toys
florida man used guitar as weapon in failed robbery bid, cops say
have you seen this florida man flasher?
florida man is fighting to keep 13-foot, pizza-eating, pet gator, 'gwendolyn', that he has had for 47 years.
florida man tries to buy $20 grand worth of cocaine from drug enforcement agency, gets arrested.
florida man fighting to keep 47-year old, pizza eating, pet alligator
florida man attacked with firework while playing pokemon go
young florida man stabs older brother thinking he deleted his pokemon's in pokemon go
north florida man shines with the brooklyn nets
florida man charged with embezzling $10,000 from non-profit
florida man gets 'angry', kills fiancee with ak-47, said he only "wanted to scare her"
dr. florida man accused of using whips and chains in "punishment therapy" for patient with depression
florida man blocks a car with his security guard cart then fires four shots at shoppers
florida man takes pokemon go way too seriously.
florida man security guard accused of firing shots in parking garage argument
florida man wonders what the problem is, telling cops he was only shooting his gun in a public park while drinking beer.
crazy florida man doing a wheelie on motorcycle &amp; cop speeds by him
florida man locks himself inside museum overnight.
florida man shoots off own thumb with homemade shotgun
quarrel culminated in fine florida fashion with florida man running over his sister and a friend.
florida man served time for threatening obama and bush. now he s in jail over a dog.
florida man leaves package labeled 'bomb' at gas station
florida man arrested after allegedly striking teen sister with vehicle
florida man charged with burning bunny
florida man shoots at truck during road rage incident
florida man arrested after he robbed the shell gas station where he used to work
florida man papa john's manager made up robbery report
florida man must be a viking (oc)
florida man charged in theft of over 100 sea turtle eggs out from under mother turtle
they say  guns don t kill people, people do  but florida man disproves this theory by somehow managing to get shot by an unmanned gun
florida man writes "bomb" on a box of clothes, blames his imagination
mugshot of an unidentified man born in 1998 who was arrested for breaking into houses in florida in the 1930's.
florida man born in 1998 went back in time to break into houses in the 1930's.
florida man arrested after vomiting in restaurant's drive-thru line
florida man arrested for stabbing another man over $2 debt
florida man arrested after taking his dog to motel for sex
florida man arrested after vomiting in burger king drive-thru
florida man goes crazy on atv over broken cooler at red neck country club
florida man gets gored in the groin during the running of the bulls in spain.
florida man charged with throwing urine at a deputy and nurse
florida man charged with burning bunny that bit him
florida man finds that alligators can climb trees
florida man dives into bay, drowns while fleeing deputies
florida man loves trees
florida man jailed after barfing in fast food drive thru lane
florida man suing davie "breastaurant" twin peaks for gender discrimination
florida man gropes kids in disney pool
florida man and woman nearly swallowed by hole
florida man spots alligator in a tree. florida man surprised at this development. experts say don't be. in other news, gators are climbing trees!
florida man and republican governor used private email to avoid public eye, $700k of taxpayer money used to keep it quiet. no calls to indict and imprison him from the group demanding the same of clinton.
naked florida man opens fire at swat robot. (old)
florida man dies after mortar-type fireworks explode in pvc pipe
florida man suspected of serial urinating, police screw up sketch (x-post r/nottimanderic)
florida man tries to steal docked boat, but forgets to untie it as he tries to drive it away
dead florida man unknown to all for 41 years
florida woman discovers soda stealing florida man in her house petting her dog
florida man without pants, and high on crack, flees police then hits police cruiser
florida man arrested for sealing over 100 freshly laid sea turtle eggs at the beach
naked florida man, on a month long crack cocaine bender, tries to outrun police in a car with flat tires.
florida man, teenage son arrested with $60,000 worth of heroin
florida man blows out ear drum after he shoots off ak-47 in his friend's yard during 4th of july celebration.
florida man on the run from police tells authorities "he went that way"
florida man slashes an attempting-robber with machete
florida man fires homemade shotgun, blows off thumb
florida man with broken foot, steals ambulance with firefighter still inside. after hitting a car and being chased by another ambulance, florida man stops and hobbles off into a retention pond.
florida man spots a florida alligator on a tree branch
roach from ceiling falls on to florida man health inspector's ipad during the inspection
florida man charged with taking over 100 sea turtle eggs
florida man arrested after stealing 107 sea turtle eggs
florida man tries to steal pythons at pet store by stuffing them down his pants
florida man brags about robbery on facebook and then gets arrested
florida man set girlfriend on fire during argument
florida man arrested after saying a bus in bangor had a bomb on it
florida man warns of metal grill brushes after having bristle removed from his stomach
florida man is arrested and banned from typhoon lagoon water park for groping teenage girls in the wave pool.
florida man hacked to death by machete after sneaking into florida couple's home.
florida man steals ambulance with emt still inside
florida man city miami is declared america s rudest city
we have a new face for florida man
florida man shows up to a 4th of july parade with a 10ft mechanical marijuana joint
florida man to recieve ironic honor.
a florida man shot by police after trying to rob a bank with fishing gear.
florida man loses three fingers when firework explodes
florida man arrested for stealing 107 sea turtle eggs
florida man accidentally kills son at a firing range but still defends gun ownership
florida man fights alligator to retrieve dropped iphone containing baby pictures
florida man steals over 100 sea turtle eggs to make world's largest sea turtle omelet (probably)
florida man catch snak
florida man found on fire outside of a michaels.
florida man caught stealing 107 endangered sea turtle eggs fresh from the source
18-year-old florida woman and mom uses florida baby to batter florida man
florida man breaks out of cop car, takes on 3 deputies.
florida man arrested after stealing ambulance stopped in front of hospital. one firefighter-emt was in the back.
florida man tells police he needs directions, gets arrested for drug possession
florida man, why can't you be more like iowa man?
florida man gets a hold of flakka, and gets chased by alien demons into a convenience store
this bites! florida man enters the world of one piece
florida man calls 911 to report burning mannequin outside craft store, is discovered to be actual person on fire
florida man takes the party to the next level
florida man accidentally shoots teenage son
vice does a profile on the phenomenon known as florida man
the cop who exposes himself while patting you down and then departs on a skateboard might be an imposter. or just florida man being florida man
florida man arrested, charged with stealing 107 sea turtle eggs from beach
florida man accidently fatally shoots son at a gun range
we did it guys! florida man beer is a thing.
florida man chains girlfriend in backyard for using snapchat dog filter too much
florida man was fined $48,000 for using a cell phone jammer everyday for 2 years while going to work
florida man filmed having sex with tree in broad daylight. . . because florida
florida man is, above and beyond all, a family man. which is why he takes his six-month and two-year-old daughters with him to the bar while he drinks and then hangs out with them under a bridge while he enjoys a little apres bar booze.
florida man gets arrested for ranting at school food supervisor for not selling him macaroni and cheese and then makes a video about it!
florida man fights gator to save baby pictures on iphone
florida man with baseball bat stops father from killing 2-year-old girl
florida man impregnates ten-year-old girl, flees to haiti
florida man calls 911 over incorrect order at checkers
florida man shoots gun outside strip club, told police he didn't know he wasn't allowed to
florida man and woman arrested for dealing drugs after cops find $24 million hidden in their home
north fort myers high school burglarized, smeared with feces by florida man
florida man loses hand in fireworks accident
florida man tries to hide from police by pretending to be a turtle spotter
florida man brought a bat to rob a house   but he picked the wrong house to rob
naked florida man threatens others with gun
florida man accused of impregnating 10-year-old
florida man found in ventilation system of a school after summer school students heard him masturbating
florida man reaps bitter fruit after running his mouth on a bus
florida man laying down the wood
florida man named ronald mcdonald shot at sonic
florida man ruins tesla semi-autonomous car's previously perfect operational record by dying in collision with semi.
florida man helps manatee struggling in toxic algae behind home
florida man excited for third-degree burns he will receive from failed firework stunt
marathon florida man arrested after masturbating in front of 2 teens on beach
florida man gets 10 days in jail for punching a swan
florida man unaware he can't shoot his gun while driving away from strip club
florida man gets into a gunfight over stolen parrots
florida man exchanges gunfire with burglar who stole expensive birds.
a florida man was arrested for a hate crime and attempted murder of a santa barbara homeless resident.
florida man sues apple for $10 billion for 'stealing' his iphone invention from 1992
florida man says 'it's a nice view' as he pleasures himself on beach
florida man threatens passengers in car with homemade flamethrower
florida man claims he invented iphone in 1992, sues apple for $10 billion
87 year-old florida man would  screw anything that walked,  according to his roommate
florida man driver killed in self-driving car accident for first time
florida man arrested for posing as veteran to gain favor in job hunt (relevant mugshot)
florida man robs brewery after hours and gets $60, but leaves behind his much more valuable glock pistol
florida man sues apple for $10bn, claims ipod, iphone was his idea
florida man learns that the third time is the charm
florida woman threatens man with hatchet for refusing sex
florida man arrested for pulling off woman's bathing suit while attempting street magic trick
florida man tosses three and a half foot alligator through drive thru window
florida man sues apple for $10 billion, says he invented iphone
a florida man sues apple for 10 billion, says he invented the iphone in 1992
florida man suspected of dumping 'liquid feces' into pool
florida man pulls ak-47 during familial dispute at grocery store
florida man dumps bucket containing feces into community pool...
florida man claims he invented iphone in the '90s, sues apple for $10 billion
florida man claims he invented iphone, wants billions from apple | fox news
florida man arrested.... for punching a swan.
police: florida man says 'it's a nice view' as he pleasures himself behind woman on a public beach
florida man catches ducklings falling from ledge at busch gardens
florida man magician tries to make woman's bikini disappear
florida man gets 10 days in jail for punching swan
florida man armed with baseball bat breaks into home, gets beaten by homeowners with his own bat
florida man sues apple for $10+ billion, says ios devices copy his 1992 drawings
florida man punches wife after she insults his male parts
a home invasion went bad for florida man when one of the victims grabbed him in a bear hug and the victim's wife beat him with his own weapon
the worst city to live in the us is home to many a florida man
florida man and wife show california man why he will always be the weaker link.
florida man arrested for punching swan in front of two off duty officers
florida man arrested for pretending to be country music star and scamming women out of money and sex
florida man arrested for pretending to be a country music star and scamming florida woman out of money and sex
florida man arrested for pretending to be a country music star and scamming florida woman out of money and sex
florida man mayor says he  wasn't looking for hookers and hot sauce' when robbed at gunpoint
florida man calls 911 because checkers got his order wrong
florida man poses as country singer to run scam
how does a migrant officially become a florida man? he washes ashore armed with a machete and gets tased.
florida man arrested after punching swan
florida man mayor carjacked at gunpoint outside home
florida man senate candidate slaughters a goat
florida man shoots and kills son in fight over who was going to buy more beer. cops kill florida man.
florida man, 59, accused of punching swan in front of off-duty officers
florida man, 59, accused of punching swan in front of off-duty officers
florida man carrying a five gallon bucket allegedly snuck back into the property and contaminated the community swimming pool with a vile slurry that  had the appearance of liquid feces/diarrhea 
florida man breaks into north port home, gets beaten with own bat
florida man steals a van to take to waffle house, police say
florida man calls 911 over drive-thru food order
florida man drives stolen van to waffle house
florida man and sidekicks carjack the mayor
florida man launches fireworks off his chest ... goes as well as expected
florida man suspected in rock throwing incidents calls 911 over 1,000 times
florida man burglar and accomplices post facebook video bragging about a safe they stole, flaunting $100 bills
florida man shot dead in glendale california
florida man, who couldn't win the love of his life with his winning ways, employs plan b and sprays 33 bullet holes in her house.
florida man saves falling ducklings at busch gardens caught on video
homeless florida man plays killer guitar
florida man gets 343 years' prison for trying to kill judge
florida man brags about burglary on facebook, lands him in jail
florida man accused of skinny-dipping in condo pool claims he had heat stroke
florida man arrested for having 84 bags of thc-laced gummy candy in his car.
florida man, who has facial deformities, arrested for fondling 9 year old boy in zoo restroom
florida man now has something to drink from a paper bag at the wal mart.
florida man pulls gun on wife who taunts him about nfl career
florida man steals dump truck - shoots at helicopter in pursuit
florida man charged for impersonating country singer jason aldean and defrauding a mentally handicapped victim for money and sex
florida man and friends murder best friend so he won't be a bad influence on his unborn child
last hours of freedom for florida man (gyro guy)
florida man with broken arm makes room in cast for crack cocaine
florida man sends unsolicited dick pic to woman, receives dozens of dick pics in response.
florida man sends unsolicited dick pic to woman. receives dozens of dick pics in response. (censored, but still nsfw)
florida man will seek senate reelection, reversing pledge not to run
florida man threatens churchgoers days after decapitating 875-year-old statue, police say
florida man attacked by 300lb gator
florida man dressed as federal agent with k-9 approaches cop
florida man busts church windows because he was "angry with god"
florida man forced his way into woman's bedroom, took off his shorts, in which he had defecated, and got into the closet where he was shot by the homeowner
florida man kills wife, newlywed neighbor
florida(congress)man ar15 give away
florida man diffuses argument with wife, relieves concerned neighbor of his duty, by shooting them both.
florida man assaults woman, calls her "old snaggletooth lady".
69-year-old florida man riddles woman s home with bullets after she refuses to have sex with him
yes, i know one of them. these florida man had a history of getting arrested since their teens.
florida man busts through 3 hay bales, catches airtime during a high-speed chase
florida man steals lottery tickets from store, returns to same store to cash in winning tickets
25 of the most ridiculous  florida man  headlines
florida man takes video of furniture rain in miami
shirtless florida man uses baseball bat to smash window in road rage incident
florida man kills wife, newlywed neighbor who tried to break up argument between couple
florida man, cemetery worker, stole veteran's wallet from urn, bought pizza
florida man launches ar-15 assault rifle giveaway on facebook
florida man doesn't give a heck about physics or the safety of anyone on the road.
florida man traveled country stealing star wars legos, police say
florida man traveled country stealing star wars legos, police say
florida man tells police robber 'looks like a chihuahua'
florida man shines laser, temporarily blinds assistant chief of police
florida man was charged with two separate offenses less than seven hours apart last week
florida man sentenced to 5 years for shooting up a neighbor's house because of a perceived slight 22 years ago
alleged buttock-grabbing leads to fight at nightclub for florida man
fight over yams escalates and leaves florida man with no other choice but to pistolwhip and fire a warning shot between his legs
argument over yams escalates and leaves florida man with no choice but to pistolwhip the man and fire a warning shot between his legs
fight over yams leads to shooting for florida man
florida man went across the country stealing star wars legos
florida man really hates orlando, gets suspended from state prosecutor's office after facebook rant
florida man says he doesn't need assault rifle
florida man takes enormous dump, leaving "the entire mens restroom completely inoperable."
florida man sells tickets for heaven
florida man hires illiterate bus aide with an iq of 68 to work with special needs kids. doesn't go so well
florida man flashes $100 bills, pees on himself
florida man stole lottery tickets, returned to store to cash them
florida man is considered  surfing swami  in adopted india (cross post r/india)
a florida man - sheriff s sergeant - was arrested for child porn. he killed himself after spending six nights in jail.
florida man charged with molesting boy in public restroom then spraying him with water gun
florida man gets arrested his 4th time for making whoopie to a pool float.
florida man leaves assault rifles to be stolen from his parked car.
florida man kills 50 gays in nightclub
charges unlikely for naked florida man found in stranger's bed
video: florida man kicks woman unconscious in titusville
florida man sells "energy drink" from tree fort
florida man arrested after stealing star wars lego sets across the country
florida man gets mad when told to stop having sex in public pool.
florida man caught with breaking bad style mobile meth lab in walmart parking lot
florida man rapes alligator, gets arrested.
teenage florida man pretends to be holistic, naturopathic doctor.
2 year old florida man taken by alligator in lagoon at disney's grand floridian resort
florida man accused of teaching boy to set off acid bombs
florida man isn't leaving disney resort until toddler, grabbed by gator, is found
florida man lets kids pet his alligator on leash
florida man charged after calling 911 because his girlfriend would not buy him anymore vodka
florida man helps to celebrate autistic boy s birthday after no one responds to invites
florida man actually names his son after naruto
florida man fights gator at disney world for his child
florida man robbed cafe with broken bottle for cup of coffee
florida man believed to have set bunny on fire
florida man upset obama still hasn't called him after orlando shooting
argument over fart gets florida man into a fight
florida man charged with throwing live alligator into wendy's
florida man steals assault rifles left in a parked car.
florida man gets caught after stealing 200k
florida man drives car made of cannabis
florida man rapes a woman so he can go to prison and go after his son's murderer
florida man gets mauled by police dog for riding bicycle with no lights
drunk florida man pees out of police car while arrested
florida man says he raped a woman and called 911 on himself to get sent to prison to find out who killed his son.
florida man and florida woman donate blood en masse to support fallen florida man and florida woman
florida man working as a lifegaurd fired for saving person from drowning.
fight over florida man fart leads to blows at sloppy joe s
police: florida man plays naked game of 'ding dong ditch'
florida man rapes woman to get to prison and go after his son's killer
florida man shot by his prostitute after dispute over payment
florida man causes car crashes, shakes bottle of rum at police
florida man shoots and kills reality show contestant
police blotter: knock knock, who's there? naked florida man
florida man, actually florida manchild, learning the ropes in his given profession has gained valuable knowledge from his latest shenanigans -- don't steal the same truck twice in the same day.
florida man commits act of terror in a gay bar
florida man shot in dispute over dog poop dies
florida man breaks national record in mass shootings
florida man wannabe dies after sand collapse on florida beach
florida man shoots youtube celebrity, musician, and the voice 2014 contestant christina grimme, then kills himself
florida florida man ties up girlfriend, posts beating to snapchat
florida man shoots ex-'voice' contestant christina grimmie, kills himself
florida man shoots youtube singer after her concert then commits suicide.
florida man strikes again! shooting singer christina grimmie from 'the voice' us
florida man calls 911 100 times, blames 'artistic robotic technician'
florida man kills christina grimmie of the voice, then himself
from r/funny. how to become a florida(wo)man in one easy step
florida man plays naked game of 'ding dong ditch'
florida man films himself whipping his child's mother with a belt, posts the video to snapchat
florida man shoots youtube star and  the voice  contestant christina grimmie (x-post /r/news)
florida man commits crime and asks for prison time to get even with his son's killer
florida man masturbates on the beach, tells florida woman 'it's a nice view'
naked florida man dancing in rain questioned by police
repo man shot at while trying to take florida man s car
anyone home? florida man tells cops:  just me and my dead wife. 
florida man randomly shoots at cars on highway.
video of florida man 'trying to abduct girl' before heroic mother stops him
meth clowns, nude brawls and shootouts: how waffle house became the  florida man  of restaurant chains
florida man bans veggie gardens in front yards
florida man governor forgets to send prayers to jerusalem this hurricane season
a teen skipped work, so his florida man dad put his suv up for sale
meta] can we please stop with the purely dark/morbid posts and get back to the comical/humorously scandalous "florida man" tone we used to have?
florida man arrested for dialing 911 when he wanted vodka
florida man attempts to kidnap girl inside of a dollar general, fails.
florida man tow truck driver steals car from tow lot, leads police on 9 mile chase, damages property and vehicles, strikes police dog, asks police "why were you stopping me?"
florida man calls 911 because his girlfriend wouldn't buy him vodka
terrifying video shows florida man trying to drag teen girl out of grocery store in failed kidnapping attempt
florida man terrorism plans foiled
florida man kills a teenager over "loud music"
florida man hauling truck with over 400 beehives involved in major accident on i-85
florida man leads police on atv chase
florida man atv rider leads police on chase in miami-dade
florida man: toddler triplets and florida garbage men are bffs
florida man with 35 arrests accused of bashing another s head with coral rock
huge alligator with dead florida man in its jaws found roaming around florida old people's home
florida man kimbo slice passed away
florida man kevin ferguson punches people for living, dies
it looks like florida man has made his last mistake: florida man killed in skydiving accident
florida man with hundreds of dollars says he can t pay for beer, urinates on himself
florida man gets four years in prison for selling vitamixes on ebay
florida man goes for a swim in gators mouth
florida man carjacking suspect at large after 8-hour standoff in bradenton, fl
florida man tries to rename "lake horney" for being provocative
florida man looking to get name of lake changed from 'horney'
florida man crushed to death by mushrooms.
florida man shoots himself, doesn't notice until days later
florida man sells son's suv as punishment. offers discount for local buyer so son sees the car in the neighborhood.
miami marlins prospect florida man goes on dl after being cut from "prank"
florida man shot after attacking teen dog walker
florida man stops traffic to allow alligator to use crosswalk
florida man being investigated in woman s disappearance loses eye to police taser as he stabs himself in the throat
florida man with suspended license drives suv onto packed florida beach
florida man kills girlfriend by ripping her intestines out through her vagina
florida man candidate for us senate and suspended-license-serial-speeder says driving 103mph in a 65 is not unsafe because he drives a really nice expensive luxury car.
florida man pulls girlfriend's intestines through her vagina after she says her ex's name during sex
florida man gets in a fight with supervisor at walmart construction site, pinning him under a load of dirt
florida man dies in midair during skydiving accident
florida man filibusters own recommendation for federal judgeship
florida man sets limit for his son. tired of the young lad's deciding when he does and doesn't want to work, florida man sells son's wheels. tired of son "smoking dope and acting thug."
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she calls out her ex's name during sex
florida man whose name is pronounced "dicing" arrested for machete rampage
florida man buried his boss in dirt using a front-end loader, police say
florida man accused of burying his boss with a front end loader
banker, florida man calls swat team on loyal customer
florida man falls overboard; floats in gulf of mexico for more than 20 hours
florida man lifeguard rescues shark stuck underwater
florida man report" - news &amp; stories from florida, about florida man.
florida man steals 3 ft tall 45 lb. blue resin "praying garden gnome" sculpture off of a 7 foot tall steel pedestal thursday night in front of a delray beach art museum.
florida man takes his passions for photography, children and animals just a bit too far
florida man accused of peering into the bedroom window of a teenage girl while leaving his 10-year-old son home alone with access to two loaded weapons
florida man rescued after 20 hours in the ocean with no life jacket
florida man carjacked woman, stole milk and cookies
florida man rescued after 20 hours in the ocean with no life jacket - he is unstoppable!
one legged florida man steals giant tire from a gym.
florida man arrested after video shows car running over motorcyclist
prototypical florida man opens a checking account.
florida man, bar owner, dumps 5 gallon bucket of blueberries on neighboring bar's manager's car.
florida man lets out a "woohoo" on hearing his death sentence pronounced; wanted to know if the judge wanted to watch him die also.
florida man tries to bury boss with front-end loader
florida man arrested for wearing a miami heat hat
florida man: the comic
florida man has a lawyer enroute
florida man charged with attempted murder over road rage attack
florida man suffering from "homonausea" runs for office on anti-gay agenda
florida man jumped onto moving car with knife in mouth, hung on for about a mile, troopers say
florida man leaves 10 year old son home alone with loaded weapons while he peeps into teen girl's window &amp; masturbates.
florida man gets leprosy after frequent sexual encounters with family's pet armadillo.
florida man convicted for throwing live alligator through wendys drive through
florida man uses front-end loader to bury boss in dirt, then beats him unconscious
florida man receives 1-year probation for throwing alligator into wendy's
former florida man found being eaten by alligators
florida man enters delivery room of pregnant ex-girlfriend, kicks her in the chest
naked florida man stops traffic on highway
florida man arrested after decapitating shark
drunk florida man doesn't believe that r. kelly is really r. kelly
florida man expresses the full depth of his love and devotion to his woman by masturbating outside her window
florida man who threw alligator into wendy's gets 1 year probation
florida man, at age 78, stabs his wife to death then jumps from a second story window in his underwear.
florida man runs over motorcyclists in road rage incident
florida man gets trapped under a lawnmower in pond, dies
florida man runs his car over another florida man and a florida woman in a road rage.
florida man running for senate marries candidate who wants to replace him in house
florida man drives over bikers in road rage (video)
florida man (woman?) dies, is eaten by alligators
florida man starting new tech venture!
florida man accidentally lets prisoner out of jail early, wants to punish prisoner for his mistake
florida man has to keep his bbq smoke on his property.
mystery florida man eaten by alligators
florida man runs over motorcyclists, speeds off.
just saw this on the news exactly 1 hour ago)- florida man runs over bikers
florida man murders his roommate after roommate allegedly tried to touch his genitals
a florida man described as a "habitual traffic offender" was behind bars tuesday after police said he was seemingly caught on video mowing down a couple on a motorcycle with his car.
florida man messes up strangers' pool game, throws ball through bar musician's $3,000 guitar
florida police find alligators eating florida man
sledgehammer-wielding florida man bandits burgle liquor, beauty stores
the 2016 libertarian party convention is brought to you by c-span and florida man! (naked overweight dude alert)
florida man mistakingly builds $680k ocean front house indian burial ground
florida man party tricks.. [nsfw]
florida man gets ejected from school board meeting for private parts non-sequitur
florida man jumps from interstate overpass in attempt to flee sobriety test
florida man records huge alligator on golf course
mistaken identity has plagued florida man
florida man bursts into ex's delivery room, fights her new boyfriend as she's giving birth
florida man breaks into convenience store, tells police he is on  secret and classified mission 
florida man throws hot pizza at wife, child
florida man and florida woman take the upkeep on their golf course serious; they run down a sand crane they said had been "pooping all over the golf course." alcohol may have been involved.
one armed florida man arrested trying to burgle a home, prevented from becoming a fugitive.
florida man used 18 month old baby as human shield in standoff with police
florida man, 78, stabs wife, 79, to death then jumps out second story window
florida man with gold teeth sought for home invasion and sexual assault of man and two women
florida woman, a psychiatrist, takes a shot at divorce from florida man, a federal prosecutor. found guilty of attempted murder
fight over not enough sex sparks arson arrest of florida man
florida man removes cocaine from buttocks, gets busted
florida man takes a job as a credit card fraud investigator and gets arrested for credit card fraud.
florida man, who's running for the local school board, gets a little carried away with himself when the topic turned to transgender use of school bathrooms. his repeated use of the term "erect penis" resulted in deputies carrying him out of the school.
florida man on 'secret mission' steals cigarettes, honey bun, energy drinks
florida man drags 6 month old across lake strapped to skis
angry florida man takes sledgehammer to quarters game, gets away with it [article contains surveillance video]
florida man looking for owner of illegally parked flinstones car
florida man wants to hold end of school year party for kids at a strip club
florida man accused of defecating in grocery store and on stranger's couch.
florida man arrested after barging into ex's delivery room and kicking pregnant woman and fighting her current love interest
florida man and 16 other students disciplined after performing sex acts in school bathroom
florida man spotted ordering fast food on horse
florida man illegally parks his flintstone's car.
florida man illegally parks his flintstones car.
florida man fined $48k for jamming cell signals while driving
intoxicated florida man  waters  tree on love street in view of bar patrons
florida man gets to fire a machine gun
found a worthy sidekick for florida man: milwaukee woman. gets pulled over for speeding, flees the scene, injuring own mother. when arrested three days later says she wasn't even there.
florida man describes losing arm in alligator attack
florida man climbs through drive-thru window to steal burger king cash register
elderly florida man kills ailing wife because medication wasn t affordable
florida man  officer of the year  sentenced to life in prison for child porn
florida man and florida daughter busted in heroin sting at home depot
florida man admits florida woman killed her daughter, says pi in new court documents
florida man fined $48k for ~~jamming cellphones while driving~~ making you all safer
florida man kills ailing wife because medication wasn t affordable
florida man arrested after saying "erect penis" at school board meeting.
one gun + florida man + florida son = both florida men shot
1 gun + 1 florida man + 1 florida son = 2 florida men shot
florida man sentenced to prison for shooting a 15-yo boy after he taunted him. florida man was 13 at the time.
florida man burglar caught after golf cart lands in pond
sore loser florida man takes sledgehammer to game machine at convenience store
florida man 'wins' coin game with a sledgehammer
florida man - drug dealer - falls asleep in cop parking lot with incriminating evidence
remedy for stress issue of florida man/ woman
florida man, a former macy's clerk, allowed girlfriend to return merchandise she never purchased. girlfriend ends up with $70,000 in store credit.
7 florida man in custody after attempting to cause riot at florida high school
florida man loses arm to alligator because of mental breakdown
florida man wins hockey game...
florida man flees from a hit-and-run car accident, runs himself over
florida man accused of holding family hostage for 3 months
florida man wins worst hero award
body camera footage shows florida man being tasered 15 times before death at hands of police
florida man jumped from four-storey hotel into a swimming pool
florida man charged with intent to kill in "bike rage" attack
florida man charged with "intent to kill" in "bike rage" attack
florida man charged in "bike rage" attack
welcome to palace village trailer park, a place where florida man with a sex crime on their record can live in peace with 125 of his fellow sex criminals.
florida man kills woman with butt injections
alligator bites off the arm of a florida man fleeing police
florida man and companion caught stealing steak &amp; lobster from publix store
west virginia man opts for florida man method of unlocking hotel room.
florida man arrested for stalking after sending 118 texts
florida man couldn't make it out of the parking lot.
florida man upset over parking drags a 92 year old woman from her car
florida man falls asleep during police standoff
ocala, florida man arrested for perjury. plot twist: he's the sheriff.
florida man arrests everyone at a protest, and the reporters too
knock, knock. "who's there?" "the irs, we'd like to talk." florida man comes to door with a loaded shotgun, tells the tax man to speak into the barrel.
florida man, sitting sheriff, gets indicted.
florida man... actually does something pretty cool.
florida man... invents something pretty cool
florida man reels in 400 pound fish with a wrench
senior florida man destroys 7-eleven credit card machine with his walking cane
florida man says he killed sick wife because he couldn t afford her medicine
florida man fights for religious freedom.
florida man says he and daughter saw ufo, the whole experience was  dreamlike. 
florida man introduces nile crocodile to fragile everglades ecosystem
florida man charged with impersonating senator to get out of loan
florida man, 54, is swarmed by police and arrested in dramatic video footage after he 'kidnapped a 51-year-old woman and fled from police', officers say
florida man wins knife fight with black bear. on his porch. with a 50 cent steak knife. over bar-b-q?
florida man resists arrest.
florida man holds florida man hostage for 3 months.
florida man police officer blows through intersection going 90 mph during chase, crashes
florida man wants to put a tim tebow statue in the us capitol
florida man ends 12-hour standoff with police when he falls asleep
florida man ends 6-hour standoff with police when he falls asleep
florida man says he killed sick wife because he couldn't afford her medication
florida man burglary suspect turns out to be raccoon
florida man sought for road rage pepper spraying incident
florida man walks out of florida hotel with atm
florida man says he killed sick wife because he couldn t afford her medicine, sheriffs say
florida man poses as senator dick durbin to avoid paying loan.
florida man leads police on a chase throughout the greater cincinnati area
florida man sends 5 dogs to kill terrorist poodle
elderly florida man couldn t afford pain medications for his wife   so he shot and killed her
florida man, a heroin dealer, is arrested after bragging about eluding police in facebook posts.
ah, florida man...
florida man &amp; his buddies rob and kill a drug dealer to use his $300 to flash during their rap performance in a tampa nightclub
naked florida man let 5 dogs attack bichon frise, called dog s owner a  muslim terrorist 
naked florida man sends 5 dogs to viciously kill poodle because owner is a muslim  terrorist prick 
florida man steals my car, runs from polk county sheriff, crashes, and dies in the wreck as a result of not wearing a seatbelt
florida man takes a few days to realize he shot himself
florida man live streams his shootout and standoff with swat team
grown ass florida man charged with spraying graffiti on lower keys bridge
florida man charged with impersonating a senator
florida man held family of 5 hostage for 3 months, deputies say
florida man gets locked in a winn-dixie.
now there's more than one florida man, they're multiplying!!
florida man robs uber driver with hiv-infected needle
florida man fleeing from cops has arm bitten off by alligator
florida man running for us senate calls obama 'animal'
florida man who tossed alligator through drive-thu window ordered to stay away from wendy's
florida man trapped in a winn-dixie freed by deputies
florida man kills sick wife, says he can't afford medication
florida man gets into drunk car accident, escapes custody, steals volunteer cop car and crashes into concrete pillar
florida men rob and kill man so they could flash 300 in a rap video
florida man shoots ill wife because he couldn t pay for her medication
trusted florida man lifts pirate booty from treasure hunter mel fisher's estate; theft revealed by ebay buyer
naked florida man orders dogs to attack his neighbor's poodle because he accused his neighbor of being a "muslim terrorist"
florida man asks audience to applaud.
florida man turtle flies through windshield, then walks it off.
one armed, literbug, road raged, drug dealing florida man punches motorist in the face.
florida man shots 17 on the 17th at tpc sawgrass and loses to jason day at the players. better luck next year!
naked florida man jumps fence at miami airport. he says he's homesick for cuba.
florida man manufactures car from cannabis
florida boy wonders if there is more to life than becoming "florida man" (satire)
florida man police chief writes himself a parking ticket
florida man under the influence of pot, benzodiazepines, alcohol, wrecks car
florida man threatens to inject uber driver with hiv, police say
florida man instructs pit bull to attack police; get bitten on the butt
florida man college pitcher named max weiner
florida man wakes from coma and his first words are  i want taco bell 
remains found at a 14,450 year old site confirms florida man was first human in north america. find also confirms florida man back then killed wildlife.
so you've heard of florida man? meet florida turtle.
florida man uses facebook to livestream his standoff with police (article has video)
alligator bites off arm of florida man trying to flee the cops
florida man asks about weed on twitter and gets response from police
florida man butchers mastodon, possibly rewrites history (x-post link from /r/hitory)
florida man miraculously wakes up from 48 day coma and immediately says, 'i want taco bell'
florida man wakes up after 48-day coma, first words are "i want taco bell"
florida man visits space center.
florida man is at least 14550 years old.
florida man, please help- lost dog- punta gorda
florida man shoots, kills brother in beef over cheeseburger
florida man turns himself in for murdering imaginary friend
florida man auctions his own murder weapon online.
florida man survives turtle thrown at car, turtle unhurt
shark died after florida man waited too long to release it
florida man stuck at top of florida roller coaster at florida amusement park
florida man stuck at top of florida roller coaster at florida amusement park
florida man working as a verizon scab in massachusetts hits striker and police officer with pickup truck while driving on a suspended license, drunk, at 8 in the morning.
shark died after florida man waited too long to release it, group says
beer brewing florida man invents edible 6-pack rings
florida man demands taco bell after emerging from coma
stupid florida man and florida woman kill hammerhead shark by selfie; conservationists pissed
florida man coexisted with mastadons
florida man hiding from police in canal loses arm to alligator
florida man ordered to stay away from wendy's after throwing an alligator through drive-thru window
florida man butchers woolly mammoth
florida man knocked out by sturgeon
florida man builds giant walking robot
florida man says he's auctioning gun used to kill trayvon martin
florida man lights shirt on fire in front of dmv
florida man steals $1 in robbery
florida man george zimmerman to auction off gun he used to kill trayvon martin
florida man george zimmerman to auction off gun he used to murder trayvon martin
florida man george zimmerman auctions gun used to kill trayvon martin.
florida man george zimmerman auctions gun used to kill trayvon martin.
florida man auctions off gun he used to kill florida man
florida man runs into lake to escape cops, gator bites off part of his arm
naked florida man jumps fence at miami international airport, says he wanted to go back to cuba
florida man wants you to make a cannabis car your next set of wheels
florida man running from police got bit by gator
florida man knocked out by flying fish
florida man jumps into lake to evade police; florida alligator promptly bites off man's arm.
florida man accused of urinating in front of deputy
florida man gets locked inside winn-dixie after closing time
florida man, mayor, shoots house
florida man running from police gets arm bitten off by gator
florida man gets trapped in grocery store
florida man to officer: 'what are you going to do, fat boy'
florida man with instagram inspired tattoo is fine after logo change
florida man on bicycle struck and killed by fatigued cop
florida man gets caught doing the right thing.
florida man government shuts down online dmv for planned maintenance when there is no maintenance scheduled
florida man gives himself 99.45% discount on jewlery
florida man knew his dad was murdered and buried in the backyard, didn't tell anyone for years so he could keep collecting dad's social security benefits
florida man snatches 4 million pounds of citrus without paying, officials say
kkk florida man protests black confederate supporter
florida man or woman four times more likely to have police called on them if shopping at walmart instead of target
florida man and woman homeless couple accused of having sex on daytona beach
florida man driver cited for watching 'how i met your mother'
florida man stopped with alligator foot sticking out of dashboard
florida man, mr. dick, knocked unconscious by leaping sturgeon; "first sturgeon incident in 2016"
florida man blames alleged indecent exposure on 'alternative lyfestyle'
florida man finally notices bullet hole in his body three days after shooting himself: police
paint stained footprints lead deputies to florida man
florida man shoots himself, but doesn't notice for two whole days
florida man cops rescue florida woman from tree in key west.
florida man judge, who previously challenged drug laws and fingerprint testimony, now takes on death penalties not needing a unanimous jury
florida man car sicker
florida man shoots self; doesn t notice for three days
florida man shoots himself, realizes 3 days later
florida man kills brother after a dispute over cheeseburger
florida man shoots himself in leg while waiting for job interview
florida man shoots himself and doesn't notice for 2 days!
florida man accidentally shoots himself, doesn't notice until 2 days later
florida man kills brother over cheeseburger after cinco de mayo festivities, police say
florida man injured trying to stop car thief
florida man shoots himself, doesn't realize it for 3 days.
florida man aint getting in no ambulance
florida man accused of killing brother in fight over cheeseburger
craigslist looking for a florida man for part time work in sarasota
florida man kills his mother on mother's day
florida man shoots brother in fight over cheeseburger
florida man  shoots and kills  brother in row over cheeseburger
gator bites florida man after being shot twice; swims away
florida man lawyer with tough stance against drunken drivers arrested for driving under the influence
florida man busted with 2 lbs vacuum-sealed pot under cot in shed; denies it's his
florida man hides dead gator in truck dashboard
florida man cited for illegal hunting after gator foot found in dashboard of truck
florida man shoots and kills his brother in argument over a cheeseburger
florida man cited after alligator foot found in truck dashboard
florida man injured by flying fish
florida man shot himself while cleaning a handgun but did not discover the bullet hole in his arm until three days later when he changed shirts
florida man accidentally shoots himself during job interview at elementary school
florida man accidentally shoots self; realizes it 3 days later
florida man allegedly kills brother over cheeseburger
florida man is facing theft charges after video caught him trying to steal a snake by hiding it in his pants
florida man finds that not every gator you pull out of the water is dead.
florida man declares his interest in exploring an "alternative lifestyle" which, in this case, means strolling on the beach and exposing his penis to random women.
florida man kills brother over cheesburger
florida man who is an attorney that represents drunk driving victims arrested for dui
florida man with "murder" tattooed on his neck is charged with murder
florida man, attorney who claims he will only represent dui victims and would never defend dui offenders, gets arrested for drunk driving.
florida man who is a anti-dui attorney, get's arrested for a presumed dui.
florida man lawyer with tough stance against drunken drivers arrested for driving under the influence: 'if you drink and you drive and you hurt someone, don t call me'.
florida man kills brother over cheeseburger.
florida man bit in thumb after mistaking gator for dead
florida man shoots, kills brother in dispute over cheeseburger: police
florida man lands hot air balloon on i-4 ramp near champion's gate
florida man goes for job interview at elementary school, ends up shooting himself.
florida man goes in for a job interview at an elementary school. ends up shooting himself in the knee.
googled "intelligent florida man". one result
florida man uses private parts to demonstrate plumbing concept
bikini-clad florida man struts his moves on the streets of tampa
florida man kissed delivery woman against her will
drunk florida man denies he is drunk driving with a blood alcohol level of 0.604
florida man tries to escape authorities by diving into the ocean and swimming away.
florida man stuffs stolen snake in pants - nbc news
florida man steals a shirt and shoes for a job interview.
florida man steals $260,000 in frequent flier miles.
florida man pleads guilty to tossing a live gator through a wendy's drive-thru
florida man fire capitains are also 1% motor cycle gang leaders
florida man kills brother during fight over cheeseburger
florida man saves a dog named j germeister from the gulf of mexico
a florida man was tackled by pet store employees after attempting to steal a python by stuffing it in his pants. [video]
florida man tries to steal ball python by hiding it in his pants, store owner confronts and zip ties thief's hands until police arrive .
florida man was tackled by pet store employees after attempting to steal a python by stuffing it in his pants. [video]
florida man called police after he heard his wife being kidnapped through the bluetooth earpiece that she was wearing, a move that may have saved her life
florida man is homeless and struggling
florida man stuffed python in pants at pet store
florida man gets chased out of a target store by a woman he previously sexually harassed, runs to his car, speeds off and crashes into a police officer who was called to deal with the incident.
florida man littering leads to road rage and a drug arrest
florida man (also a cop) beats up handcuffed female strip club worker
florida man turns down opportunity to be trump vp nominee.
florida man tells woman he loves her, masturbates outside her window
florida man tells police his name is "fuck you" when he gets arrested.
florida man kills tourist, has sex with her corpse
florida man gets sucked into nuclear power plant intake pipe while scuba diving
florida man in wheelchair dies from heat stroke and dehydration after being left outside by caretakers at nursing home
florida man butt hurt over rap video, kills man in drive-by shooting
rap video led to murder of florida man, rashay 'shay baby' garrison, gainesville police say
florida man wins house from car dealership two years in a row
florida man finds himself in the news today after ordering a pit bull to attack police officers, only for the dog to reject his request and attack him instead.
florida man with a badge enjoys prostitutes on the job
florida cybersecurity man hacks into county and state elections websites, says he did it to prove that he could. did it without prior authorization, gets arrested
florida man, cyber security "expert", hacks into county and state elections websites, says he did it to prove that he could. did it without prior authorization, gets arrested
florida man teases 16-foot great white shark, records it
florida man has a snake in his pants
lucky find: florida man rescues dog named jagermeister alone wearing life jacket 5 miles offshore in gulf of mexico
lucky find: florida man rescues dog named jagermeister wearing life jacket and swimming alone 5 miles offshore in gulf of mexico
florida man tries to escape police in golf cart; ends in arrest
florida woman naked in street assaults elderly florida man through his car window and throws bottle at police before stating "i'm naked, arrest me"
florida man just wants to be noticed
florida man and woman arrested after attacking good samaritans aiding dog left in hot car
florida man shoots son after sword attack
florida man charged over illegal dumping of goat carcasses
florida man shoves four bottles of champagne down his pants
florida man tries to feed 'trash panda' in epic fail
florida man cages dog's owner
florida man accused of being so drunk he should be brain dead. he's behind the wheel and his kids are in the back seat.
florida man with jaw wired shut says he's  going to kill him,  then shoots man 5 times in revenge attack
florida man plots a terror attack on a synagogue, planned to pin the blame on isis
florida man in wheelchair at nursing home dies after being left in sun for hours
florida man exposes himself on miami beach then jumps in the ocean and tries to swim away to avoid police
florida man wants to ban all middle easterners, except israelis
florida man, convicted of cocaine charge, busted in cell on same day for synthetic pot hidden in ladies speed stick
florida man admits to keys shooting, tells cops 'i can't believe i missed'
ufo cigar captured by a florida man
florida man attempts to blow up a miami synagogue, tells investigators: "i'm ready, bro!"
florida man takes off shirt, shadow boxes in front of bus driver
florida man helps homeless woman learn how to read
florida man murders woman, eats waffles, has sex with corpse.
earn $1000 dollars in 15 days - florida man
florida man becomes a hood ornament as a result of road rage.
florida man and florida woman, brother and sister, each get a dui.
florida man gets into accident with helicopter
florida man selected by florida football team in the 2nd round of the nfl draft
florida man allegedly kills women, has sex with her corpse
florida man, 25, 'killed 52-year-old grandmother and stole her credit card to buy waffles before returning to have sex with her corpse'
florida man goes on vacation to puerto rico. gets drunk, crashes through fence, and drives on airport runway (link in spanish)
florida man accused of flying high on $260,000 worth of stolen miles
florida man catches 400-pound fish with wrench
florida man and registered sex offender arrested after road rage attack on car with machete
florida man, a registered sex offender, arrested for road rage attack on car with machete
a florida man was hired to update the miami dolphins logo...
florida man castrates himself in order to have better sex [x-post from /r/wtf]
florida man clings to the hood of a speeding car during a road rage incident
florida man hates florida so much, he's moving to alaska
florida man helps homeless woman learn how to read
florida man! ask yourself this: would you put your life on the line for 15 dollars an hour...!!??
drunk florida man runs into helicopter
florida man banned from neighborhood for running over donald trump sign with a lawnmower
florida woman punched by biker club president, as she tries to return belongings to "animal"; florida man arrested
florida man sues his own attorney; claims discrimination over anti-gay rights views
florida man chewing crack cocaine claims it's a jolly rancher
florida man artist tells cop actress shirley maclaine's followers will set fire to the city
florida man notes begging is illegal, so he decides to become a thief
florida man kills woman, lives with body
florida man is half the beard he used to be
florida man "activist" blames sheriff's office for not saving 3 florida women after they crash a stolen car into pond
florida man killed sanford,fl woman, lived for 2 days with body.
florida man to stare at ted cruz s mouth for two hours straight
florida man steals car and tosses around carcasses of dead animals
florida man cop beats handcuffed woman. fired and charged with battery.
florida man gets criticised on social media about his ugly jeans, gets upset and shows his thin skin
florida man suing mcdonald s for $2m for making him fat, settles for a lifetime supply of free food
florida man threatens police with viking-style battle ax
florida man drives around police roadblock, crashes into medical helicopter tending to other florida man
florida man calls 911 to make bomb threats, vomits in back of cruiser after arrest
florida man crashes car into helicopter
florida man threatens police work viking ax, yelling "come on valhalla."
florida man confronts officers with viking-style ax
florida man threatens police with viking ax, yelling "come on valhalla."
florida man in superman shirt steals kiddie ride
florida man tries to feed raccoon, learns valuable lesson
florida man tries to feed raccoon, gets bitten
30 years ago today, florida man interrupted hbo s signal.
florida man rescued after trying to ride inflatable bubble to bermuda
coast guard rescues florida man in 'bubble' on atlantic ocean   again
florida man with half a beard busted selling weed on 4/20
florida man killed by toilet
florida man loves to fart, and isn't afraid to say it.
florida man soughtfor looking up woman's skirt at wal-mart, turns self in
florida man sought for lifted woman's skirt at wal-mart turns self in
florida man volusia county chairman survives rooster attack; spares rooster
florida man throws sucker punch during altercation on beer can island and escapes in boat called vida loca baby
bubble running florida man again picked up by coast guard, which is tired of this
florida man says to cops: masturbating makes me feel like  destroying stuff 
florida man has sex in pool, chases and tries to hit kids
florida man gets 364 days in jail after being found guilty of inhumane slaughter of goats
florida man sporting a full beard on only half his face is arrested for selling pot on 4/20
florida man stole more than $23,000 from burger king in food and cash to pay drug debts.
florida man says too much music, masturbation made him vandalize home
coast guard rescues florida man from unsuccessful bubble journey to bermuda
florida man arrested after dumping used needles into canal
florida man gets stuck in his inflatable bubble, while trying to run on the ocean to bermuda... for a second time.
florida man using 'hydropod' attempting to reach bermuda rescued at sea by us coast guard
florida man with half a beard arrested for drinking in public
florida man busted for having sex in public pool, chasing and trying to hit children
florida man and florida woman (both sheriff's deputies and married couple) beat each other up. police can't decide who was aggressor and decline to pursue.
half bearded florida man arrested in miami beach
a florida man sighting in chicago.
florida man trolls target staffer over inclusive bathroom policy
florida man runs for senate, admits to ritual sacrifice of goat
florida man drinks florida man. more at 11.
florida man charged for soliciting sex with dogs on craigslist
florida man fights other florida man at little league baseball game
florida man arrested for dumping used needles in canal
florida man arrested after exploding grill tips off law enforcement to "grow operation"
florida man arrested after 100 mph motorcycle chase; neighbors claim he's habitual reckless driver
florida man and former u.s. senator will remarry at 90, this time to a man of 25
saw that florida man strapped his wife to the roof of his suv, i made a comic
drunk florida man tries to steal bar's tip jar, urinates on patron s car
florida man shot after friend tries passing grass clippings off as marijuana
florida man, florida woman post office employee busted by "decoy" checks in sting operation, face federal charges
florida man arrested for soliciting sex with dogs on craigslist
drunk florida man attempts drive by shooting and crashes car into lsu lakes after getting made fun of for wearing uf shirt
florida man attempts to pass off mason jar, with grass clippings, as $120.00 worth of marijuana. the buyer shoots him in the leg.
florida man cop and colleagues watch thieves drown in stolen car as they plead for help
florida man gets 120 days in jail for landing gyrocopter at capitol
florida man, in a full length strapless dress, struts into a hollywood business, walks out with $3500.00 and is now wanted for armed robbery.
florida man stabbed during a fight over a slurpee at a convenience store
florida man stabbed over slushie
florida man drives suv with wife strapped to roof
florida man arrested for selling tickets to heaven
florida man watches teens drown
florida man brings 4 yo son to bar, gets into fight over it with another patron
florida man rapper known as "kodak black" arrested after fleeing from drug deal, leading chase
florida man teens create chaos in court before going in front of judge in
florida man changes name to bruce jenner to preserve name's "heterosexual roots"
florida man reports being punched, battered with a beer bottle by a "dominatrix"
florida man swears revenge against tiger that killed zookeeper: "you better watch your zoo, we will handle it ourselves. i'm from west palm beach"
florida man uses sirens and lights to dodge traffic caused from an accident. cops from the scene of the accident find him with a gun, badge, bulletproof vest and other tactical gear. i went to highschool with this genius.
skunk ape caught on new video, florida man claims
florida man catches 400lb fish with wrench
florida man arrested for "domestic hate crime" on his birthday for snatching muslim head covering from stepson's head; accuses him of having sex with goats
florida man arrested for soliciting sex with dogs on craigslist
florida man sues for right to marry his laptop
florida man hacks competitors, bribes federal credit union officials $150,000 while operating an illegal bitcoin exchange
florida man charged for advertising in craigslist interest in meeting with dog owners to have sex with their animals.
florida man who landed gyrocopter outside u.s. capitol has been sentenced to 120 days in jail.
florida man whose gyrocopter landed by us capitol gets 120 days behind bars
florida man, a prosecutor, practiced law with suspended license
police: florida man arrested for putting soda in water cup at springdale mcdonald's
florida man in boat survives tomahawk missile launch
florida man: "kids" for rent
florida man catches 400 pound fish with a wrench
florida man, right-to-die advocate/health care administrator, commits murder-suicide at health care facility
florida man celebrates earth day with sand art, leaves death traps for sea turtles
florida man accused of snatching hat and calling stepson a goat-abusing terrorist
florida man kills family pig
florida man gets lewd
florida man urns that title for a reason.
florida man strip club owner settles lawsuit with dancers over wages for $1.2 million, no wrongdoing admitted | news
florida man finds interesting way to park stolen car
florida man teaches the art of self defence.
florida man sexually assaults stop sign outside the home of his ex girlfriend in st. petersburg, florida
florida man claims to get video of floridian bigfoot
florida man shot at memorial
florida man wearing "today's a good day" t-shirt gets arrested for exposing himself
florida man involved in fatal accident, posts photo on social media of himself standing and smiling my his wrecked car.
florida man removes family from gene pool
florida man yelled racial slurs at 81-year-old cuban guy and ran him over with his truck
florida man, wearing a "today's a good day" shirt arrested for indecent exposure at beach
florida man in jail for murdering neighbor during argument about dog poop now facing new charges for assaulting prisoner
florida man accused of cheating louisvillian out of $53,000 food truck
florida man changes name to bruce jenner to preserve name's 'heterosexual roots'
florida man hides in trunk, stabs wife, runs her over, shoots his children &amp; then himself.
florida man builds modular home on his property, neighbors complain to city council
florida man passes candy out.
florida man's picture to be removed from money. he may not have been born there but without him we wouldn't have florida man.
florida man kills dad, then naps before calling police, officials say
florida man in the walking dead comics
florida man and friend have spent the past two years in swamps and marshes in search of the "legendary" skunk ape.
video shows swan chasing florida man police officer
florida man golfer, 96, scores elusive hole-in-one
florida man dies after winning cockroach-eating contest"
florida man is not real. probably. maybe.
florida man steals 6 baby swans from orlando lake.
florida man, wielding a 2x4 as a weapon, defends his "floor territory" in an abandoned hollywood bread warehouse.
florida man captures footage of colossal florida alligator devouring fellow alligator as part of balanced breakfast
florida man, a high school teacher, is fed up with the more "traditional" curriculum creates a "drone class" where kids just sit around and fly drones all day.
florida man to travel in 'ocean bubble' from south florida to puerto rico
florida man injured when tiger got loose at the palm beach zoo
florida man killed by tiger in florida
florida man hangs mother's dog during argument
florida man tattoos nude portrait of donald trump on his leg
florida man felt like "destroying stuff" because he masturbated
florida man turns himself in for 27-year-old warrant for stealing a tv from a jewish center in connecticut
florida man claims too much muchmusic and masturbation made him vandalize home
florida man 'donald trump  busted with marijuana
florida man to cops: masturbating makes me feel like  destroying stuff 
florida man held gun to teens who egged his truck
florida man cuts open truck to save kitten
florida man eats meth to avoid arrest, doesn't work
florida man eats meth to avoid arrest in niceville
florida man who jumps in swamp to escape arrest, proves successful in body cam footage
florida man humps stop sign while stalking his ex
florida man busted by florida mother in sting operation; angry at ecstasy pill shipment
florida man gets in nude beach blow job jet ski fight
florida man makes love with a dolphin after dolphin seduced him
florida man videos gator eating another gator.
florida man, sitting in his drug-filled car, tells cops he'll be with them in a minute after he has a smoke.
florida man: to serve and thump!
florida man taking walk sees gator eating another gator (video)
florida man blames his rampage on too much masturbation, loud music
what is your favorite "florida man" story that doesn't involve anyone getting hurt?
florida man saves guinea pig from house fire.
what is your favorite florida man story that doesn't involve people getting hurt?
florida man turns self in for 1989 theft
florida man sovereign citizen freeman tries usual bs on judge. judge hysterically spews it back" on youtube
florida man arrested for dangling dog by its neck over stair railing
pbso: florida man threatens deputies with  big guns  and working as "janitors"
florida man throws alligator through wendy's drive through window, charged with assault with a deadly weapon
road rage by florida man turns into beating, florida woman breaks it up with gun
florida man known as "captain bubble" embarking on 3,500 mile ocean voyage in plastic bubble
florida man accused of stealing christmas tree from pet rescue shelter arrested
florida man sacrifices goat in bid for us senate seat
florida man impersonates a police officer and threatens to arrest women if they don't have sex with him. he admitted to police: "it worked 3 out of 12 times".
florida man and accomplice decide to steal a $30,000 suv from the orange county mayor's house. the heist is caught on video, the vehicle belongs to the mayor's husband.
florida man leaves child in convenience store to teach child that "you don't always win at everything and don't always get your way"
florida man disproportionately employed as motorboat operator
police: florida man suspected of major burglary swallows 5...
florida man interviews 14 month old daughter with amazing results.
florida man tries to time travel like doc brown. drives into a brick wall.
shark knocks florida man off his paddle board
florida man receives starbucks cup with diabetes joke on label
teen florida man posts instagram photo smiling in front of fatal crash
florida man plays video games with his friends
florida man blames excessive music and masturbation for vandalizing home.
florida man sentenced to six months for contempt after screaming at and insulting illinois judge over shoplifting charge.
florida man offended by label written on his starbucks coffee, reaches out to media with passive-aggressive retort.
florida man uses political pull to publicly shame florida woman that called him an asshole.
florida man jr. brings meth to his middle school disguised as candy
florida man kills man in "self defense" and is then charged with murder after cops find him and son plotting the man's death on home security camera.
deputies: florida man killed with ax in fight over beer,...
florida man gets away with it!
canadian girl wants to become a florida man.
florida man aspiring rapper arrested for having sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl, who he met on kik messenger app
florida man returns stolen florida sign 30 years later
florida man gets shot by dog
police: florida man knocks down elderly woman while shoplifting women's underwear at walmart
florida man lets a gator bite his arm on camera after throwing another gator through a wendy's drive-thru window
florida man gets probation for taking daughter, 16, and teenage friend to strip club
florida man educates the locals about terrorism in america
florida man knocked off his paddleboard by a shark [article includes video]
florida man releases a political ad against a woman who yelled at him at starbucks
watch florida man on paddleboard collide with shark
florida man repeals 148 year old law, making it legal to live with the opposite sex
florida man governor releases attack ad against woman who called him an 'a--hole'
florida man and florida woman held without bond after attacking each other with tweezers
florida man charged with dui after crash with suv carrying family of 5.
florida man in stolen truck with dead battery asks deputy for jump start
what pets do florida man and woman have? well, gators of course.
florida man with florida tattoo charged with burglary
florida man 'fled from police using a hoverboard.'
florida man dies after eating dozens of live roaches in contest to win a python
florida man returns stolen sign after 30 years
florida man tosses small alligator into wendy's drive-thru window
florida man with florida face tattoo charged with burglary
florida man kills what may or may not have been a dinosaur
florida man gets probation for taking daughter, friend to strip club
florida man asked cop to jump start stolen truck
florida man attempts to cash check for 368 billion dollars, so he can open up italian restaurant.
florida man spray paints 'kkk' on his neighbor's trash cans.
florida man sues ab inbev because leffe beer isn t brewed in a monastery
florida man tries to escape from police on a hoverboard, forgets the top speed is something like 10 mph.
florida man takes cover after becoming prey to 'overprotective' dive-bombing hawks
florida man shoots giant alligator
pbso: man identified by  redrum,  florida face tattoos in burglary
florida man identified by    redrum,    florida face tattoos in burglary
florida man identified by  redrum,  florida face tattoos in burglary
florida man get run out of starbucks because he's bad at his job
florida man gains a third lead testicle
florida man sprays himself with fire extinguishers in an effort to elude police
http://missoulian.com/news/weird-news/florida-man-with-florida-tattoo-charged-with-burglary/article_9d7274e9-502b-57c1-9419-374b65da0bf5.html
florida man lets his students smoke weed in class
florida man suspected of a drug offence tried to flee from police on his hoverboard
florida man kills cow eating, 15 ft, 800lb gator
florida man with florida face tattoo charged with burglary
florida man with florida face tattoo charged with robbery
florida man can t get car he wants to steal to start, cops say
florida man led cops on chase with a handcuff key hidden in his rectum
florida man cooking steak at "crazy dave"'s trailer reports lighter flew through the window and conked him in the head.
florida man shoots at neighbors for feeding stray cats
florida man shoots at his neighbors over feeding stray cats
florida man catches 15-foot 800lb gator on okeechobee cattle ranch
florida man drug suspect attempts to flee from florida police on hoverboard
florida man attempts to flee from police on hoverboard
florida man steals fire extinguisher, sprays patrons in bar
florida man high school dropout tries to get out of paying $67k in student loans
florida man' pay $18 and earn $76
wildlife officials want florida man to watch out for crabs having sex on the beach
florida man had handcuff key in rectum during 110 mph chase
lawsuit: florida man shouldn't have to pay back student loans because he didn't deserve them
florida man tries to run a motorcyclist off the road (xpost from r/miami)
florida man city mayor plans raft trip from cuba to us and claims "it's not about the publicity."
florida man doesn't like his girlfriend's ex. uses an ak-47 to convey that fact.
florida man gropes women in park, posts confession in youtube
florida man tests out straps
policeman tasers florida man for 'walking aggressively'
for his match.com profile: florida man beats florida woman, wipes dog feces on her face
florida man arrested for a 3rd time in the past couple of weeks for impersonating a police officer
florida man enters hotel room while couple is having sex, joins in without consent
florida man charged with attempted murder after slashing people with machete
florida man finds panther sitting on porch in east fort myers, family thought it was a "funny dog" initially
florida man cyclist making jimmy john's delivery climbs over moving train
bloodied florida man goes on hotel rampage after losing his dogs, smashes beer bottle on his own head, threatens deputies
florida man receives dui after he fell asleep at a stop light with his car running and his foot on the brake, when awakened by police he was shocked to find out he was not asleep in his home
florida man finds panther sitting on father's front porch
florida man drives six miles with wife on the roof of his car
florida man steals phone and takes selfies with it. (looks cool doing it)
u/freshskat recounts a florida man sighting while cleaning hotels in orlando
florida man offered prostitute $40 for sex while on-duty as a police officer
florida man swipes fire extinguisher, sprays patrons in bar
florida man accused of groping women in park takes to youtube to talk about how much fun it was
florida man arrested for having sex with an alligator
florida woman suspects florida man is cheating, shoots him with magic testicle-finding bullet
florida man police officer offered prostitute $40 for sex while on-duty
william shatner: actor faces $170 million paternity suit by florida man
police: florida man drives 6 miles with wife on roof of suv
couple beats up florida man holding "death to america" sign near jacksonville
florida police man arrested for eliciting sex while on duty from undercover florida police woman
florida man admits helping set up new york drug deal
florida man seeks $170m from his 'dad,' william shatner
florida man tries to court a bulldog into his house, realizes that it's actually a major ivy league university.
florida man with worst name ever goes on alcohol fueled rampage
florida man steals 335 bronze vases from cemetery, tries to sell them to scrap metal yard
naked florida man, 76, standing in home arrested for exposure
florida man drove with wife on roof of sport utility vehicle
florida man, 69, 'drove six miles with his screaming wife, 50, clinging to roof of his toyota and claims he didn't know she was there'
florida man chews off his own fingerprints to attempt avoiding arrest in ohio.
florida man urinates on motel table then crosses street to expose himself at church
police: florida man enters hotel room while couple is having sex, joins in without consent
florida man shoots a man four times, then sits in grass waiting for police.
florida man governor wants yale university to move to florida to dodge taxes
florida man hops moving train to deliver jimmy john's subs freaky fast
florida man, should this even be acceptable?
florida man jailed after reporting for jury duty drunk, takes case to supreme court, wins
florida woman rides six miles on top of car driven by florida man.
florida woman rides six miles on roof of car being driven by florida man.
florida man shot over argument if florida or ohio strip clubs are better
bloody florida man tased after motel rampage
florida man shot following an argument about whether florida or ohio strip clubs are better
florida man attacks his mom s door with a pitchfork
throwback to '96) florida man resigns job as federal prosecutor after biting stripper
florida man drove six miles with wife atop car
florida man drove suv for six miles with his wife on the roof
florida man wants student loans forgiven because he was a hs dropout while going to college
florida man gets 16 staples to head after battery, disorderly conduct arrest
florida man resigns as federal prosecutor after biting stripper
florida man discovers the passing lane
florida man tries to rob dania beach sub shop after wife fired from business
florida man receives photos of hid girl friend having sex with her dogs.
florida man receives photos of his girl friend having sex with her dogs.
florida man grabs police taser after being tased five times
florida man upset with the tampa bay rays cuba trip runs onto field, throws beer into rays dugout
florida man race car driver overshoots turn; ends up on public roads and a hotel parking lot
florida man (or woman) seeking that someone special
ohio man vacationing as florida man: when does the rain stop?
florida man arrested after using own debit card at store he was robbing
florida man dead, one injured in crash at redneck yacht club
drunk florida man falls through roof of restaurant
two florida man (men) arrested after scattering bags of marijuana, cocaine on kissimmee elementary school campus
florida man arrested after dropping wallet at crime scene where he robbed two others of their wallet.
the crack hidden under my genitals isn't mine,' florida man claims
police: florida man threw fire bomb at ex's house, sent 'burn'...
florida man has banner day -- is arrested twice the same day for impersonating a cop. no word on whether a hat trick is in the works.
florida man and accomplice steal a live alligator from restaurant.
florida man asserts his right to live in his squalid, condemned home.
florida man gets upper hand against bobcat
florida man busted after holding teens at gunpoint over doorbell prank
florida man caught with a monster in his pants.
usf places florida man on leave after learning of multiple affairs with students at previous job
florida man is back on shelves for a limited time!
diy threesome after florida man unexpectedly joins amorous couple in hotel room.
police: florida man bitten by his pit bull after ordering dog to attack cops
florida man accused of pointing gun at teens' heads over doorbell-ringing
florida man hauling chips crashes into florida man hauling beer.
florida man trucks collide, spilling beer and chips across highway
florida man attempts to meet women by beating them with a pillow
drunk florida man crashes through roof of italian restaurant, but no one knows how he got there
florida man accidentally sells, like, $2000.00 worth of acid to a police informant, man.
florida man is sovereign citizen and mistakes op for juror, sends death threats
florida man is a sovereign citizen and mistakes op for juror, sends death threats
florida man, alligator wrestler by day, hunts pythons barefoot in the everglades
florida man or woman accidentally shoots school bus a mile away after bullet ricochet during target practice
florida man accidentally shoots school bus a mile away during target practice
florida man gets 25 years in prison for killing man over pigeon racing
florida woman hits husband with burrito, florida man stabs her with fork
florida man creates florida man: the lego set; with you help, it could become real
florida man decriminalized cannabis in tampa
hospital forced to toss meds after florida man urinates on refrigerator
florida man stabs wife with fork after she attacked him with her taco bell burrito supreme
florida man earns himself 364 days in jail
florida man enjoys singing in the movies.
florida man arrested for having sex with aligator as it was tied up and blindfolded
florida man arrested for having sex with alligator as it was tied up and blindfolded
florida man charged in shooting over loud music: police
florida man bitten by his own pit bull while fleeing from police officers
florida man loses gig after trading soy candles for hot tub
florida man 'little kid' knocks out katt williams (video also)
florida man steals bmw he tried to buy with food stamp card
florida man: beer and chips all over i-95 after florida crash
florida man spends $200 at sushi restaurant, leaves 13 foot python instead of tip
florida man gets choked out by security during spring break!
florida man steals bmw he tried to buy with food stamp card
florida woman runs over florida man outside topless spot
florida man drunkenly falls through the roof of a restaurant while people are eating
florida man tries to buy $60,000 bmw with food stamps, steals car after being denied
florida man charged with stealing bmw that he tried to buy with food stamps
florida man: "why do i need a drivers license?" he asked. people in wheelchairs don't need drivers licenses. it's the same thing."
deputies say florida man stole bmw he tried to buy with food stamp card
florida man shows the kids how it's done
florida man tries to buy bmw with food stamp card, steals car
florida man and florida woman fight using taco bell burrito and a fork as weapons
florida man steals bmw he tried to buy with food stamps
florida man steals $60,000 bmw he tried to buy with food stamps
florida man steals bmw he tried to buy with food stamp card: cops
florida man lives in tent in friends backyard; decides to stab girlfriend with a screwdriver.
classmates want to sue florida man because of what he says in high school debate class
florida man has a huge python problem
florida man shoots up enormous spring break party, kills 1
florida man shoots fence installer, offers water and $400 but no 911 call
cops: florida man tries to hide cocaine under his scrotum
florida woman dies of drug overdose in jail after killing florida man for not paying her for sex.
florida man steals $60k bmw after he was unable to pay for it with food stamps
florida man was denied after he tried buying a bmw with food stamps, but he wasn t about to take no for an answer
florida man worked long and hard to find just the right sludge tanker to sink into the ocean to turn into "casino-themed" artificial reef.
at least florida man enjoys spending time with his kids
florida man removed his clothes, defecated on the beach, then fondled himself in front of a 5-year-old girl
florida man killed by an alligator while attempting to rape another alligator
florida man strikes again, but this time with a good deed!
florida man hires private investigator and offers $30,000 reward (in full page newspaper ad) for return of 6 missing cats.
florida man, wearing a "unique floral pattern dress" and long black wig, grabs his gun and robs a bowling alley.
florida man eaten by alligator while having intercourse with another alligator
florida man attempts to buy 60k bmw with food stamps, later steels the auto and is arrested.
florida man fights florida for custody of rambo, his atv-riding pet alligator
florida man raids car dealership after trying to buy bmw with food stamps
florida man smashes 8-year-old's head in with a stone.
south florida man offers $20,000 reward for missing cats
florida man runs away from the bank he's managing during an audit
naked florida man arrested for alleged lewd conduct on beach
florida man tells police he 'gets off' on displaying genitals
florida man steals a bmw after being told he can't buy it with food stamps
florida man lights himself on fire at pep rally
florida man guilty of trying to assassinate federal judge
is 'ohio man' the new 'florida man?'
florida man guilty of trying to assassinate federal judge
florida man who rammed deputy cruisers:  i m out of my mind on drugs 
florida man puts phone in fridge. (xpost from r/androidquestions)
florida man hospital patient accused of contaminating thousands of dollars worth of medication after he reportedly urinated on a refrigerator
the indignity of being a florida man.
behold canadian man, the first to be trained under florida man
florida man, who is a "skilled but harsh" teacher draws a suspension because florida precious snowflakes can't deal with opposing opinions
florida man principal violated policy by hiring fire-breather who later caught fire
florida man has an official beer now
florida man wins 115 million dollar lawsuit against gawker media
florida man awarded $115 million for secretly recorded sex tape:"thank god for justice."
florida man attacked stepdad with ax after smoking synthetic pot
florida man burglary suspect killed by homeowner; outraged family asks  how else would he get his money 
florida man gets annoyed, stops politicial posts
fire breathing florida man sets himself on fire at school pep rally
florida man, hired to entertain kids at a pep rally, severly burned when a fire breathing stunt goes horribly wrong.
when florida man wants to go fishing, he'll do it in the worst way -- by stealing a friend's fishing gear
florida man has need for speed and goes in the worst place imaginable.
florida man sets fire to a pep rally
florida man accidentally lights himself on fire at florida high school pep rally.
florida man suspends campaign
florida man paralyzed while waiting for lds mission call.
british man claims florida man not as crazy as ohio man
florida man gets btfo after weeks of talking s#%t
florida man spends over $100 million trying to land a new job. fails miserablyy and instead returns to being a jeb.
florida man spends well over $100 million trying to land a new job. fails miserably and instead returns to being a jeb.
florida man accused of trying to murder his brother with pink-and-white 0.22 over argument about black and milds
florida man meets his nemisis, ohio man
is donald trump the quintessential florida man?
florida man arrested for pushing his husband against wall after dancing in a g-string
florida man found naked and making swimming motions on the ground in a park | busted locals
florida man recruiting for florida man
florida man suspends his campaign
florida man steals truck, loaded with $45,000 worth of meat, from wal-mart parking lot. when questioned by deputies, he said "i needed a ride to hialeah".
computer problems forcing paper registration verification in florida man election
florida man, who shed nearly 200 pounds on 'extreme weight loss,' found dead at 52 during spring break vacation
florida man faces off against ohio man
florida man charged with defecating in patrol car
donald trump is the florida man candidate
third and final florida man drops out of republican presidential race
florida man suspends presidential campaign after new york man wins florida
florida man faces up to 20 years' prison for lottery scam
florida man posts mug shots of neighbors outside apartment building
florida man can't return to work because 10 pounds of bat guano was discovered above his desk
florida man charged with injecting heroin at police station
florida man caught speeding, poops in patrol car
drunken florida man crashes into another car, waves gun around while blaming the other driver for causing the accident.
florida man robs burger king he worked at
florida man found naked, taking shower in stranger s home
motorcycle riding (and gopro wearing) florida man shakes his head "no" when police try to pull him over. eluded police for nearly 4 months, finally caught by helicopter.
florida man, hooked up to dialysis machine, draws gun, stops home intruder
florida man charged with defecating in patrol car, hitting deputy's arm
florida man enraged over girlfriend s strip search, cops say
florida man faces up to 20 years' prison for lottery scam
florida man arrested sunday after police said he shot a gun outside the greyhound bus station. nobody was hurt.
florida man poops, pees in cop car after warning deputy he was speeding home to go to the bathroom
florida man sheriff pledges to arrest ceo tim cook if apple resists crypto cooperation
florida man arrested for shooting up heroin in the bathroom of the police department
florida man arrested for filming under young girls' skirts at publix
florida man and florida woman, or florida man and florida man, or florida woman and florida woman may soon be able to live in sin.
florida man walks naked in the park to relieve stress
florida man gives up riding mower
florida man attacked woman because he 'woke up mad
florida man attacked woman because he 'woke up mad'
florida man tires to rob man with nunchucks inside a laundromat.
florida man throws the red flag, grabs the first deputy's groin to get a jump start.
florida man throws the red flag, grabs the first deputy's groin, still can't get a jump start.
florida man steals wishes, tries to make good, drops crackpipe in front of the cops.
florida man governor refuses to say that muslims don t hate america
florida man uses pole to chase alligator off of florida highway
florida man arrested for sniffing women's feet in a college library
florida man walks around in the nude because it helps him relieve stress
florida man teaches you the sex offender shuffle
florida man can't answer a simple question
florida man attacks showering employee with machete
deaf florida man stabs man who tried to rob him with sword
florida man known as "serial butt grabber" finally captured
florida man, only 4 years old, kills his momma just hours after she brags about how good he is with guns.
florida man &amp;amp; woman decide to have sex one last time before arrest.
naked florida man fights deputies, steals jeep, gets into a wrong way crash and passes out
florida man dressed as batman robs two dollar stores
florida man taking shower attacked by florida man with machete
florida man with awesome reflexes saves son from flying bat
florida man pours beer on police car while telling officer,  i m standing up for my rights and drinking. 
video] florida man survives after losing control of garbage truck on i-95, smashing through guardrail, and plummeting 100 feet into a park below
florida man believed to be behind radioactive water in national park
deaf florida man uses sword to fight off intruder
florida man attacks cops, woman with ski pole, yells  shoot me 
florida man makes dog swear oath to trump.
florida man arrested for running unlicensed dental practice in his home, causing one woman to go to the hospital due to trauma
dog shoots florida man in the leg with a 9mm handgun
florida man tries carjacking at gunpoint, but runs away with he sees it's a stick shift
florida man lands gyrocopter in capitol lawn.
florida man punishes student for taking pictures of nasty school lunches
temporary florida man fall 11 stories into florida condo pool
florida man on bicycle wields ski pole, attacks woman and cops, yelling "kill me!"
florida man tries to rob victim in laundromat with nunchucks. made his getaway in a golf cart
blood-drinking florida man running for senate blocked from entering canada over neo-nazi client
florida man driving garbage truck falls 75 feet off of highway
florida man (men) in orlando raise their right hands in a familiar way and swear to vote for trump.
delaware woman, florida man win conch blowing contest. (florida man's new sidekick)
delaware woman, florida man win conch blowing contest
florida man siblings accused of stealing money from girl scout
masturbating florida man ransacks car
florida man dressed as trump's wall
tommy vercetti's opinion on florida man
a florida man butt-dialed 911 while discussing murder plans. he was charged with 1st degree murder after man discussed was found shot in car after getting into an argument with murderers at a waffle house restaurant (x-post r/til)
florida man goes scuba diving, gets sucked into nuclear plant water pipe
mayor florida man to fly to cuba, build raft out of barrels, hopefully sail back to florida on it
florida man in gyrocopter nearly took down airplane
i've found florida man, at a trump rally.
police search for florida man found practicing florida man behavior -- taking upskirt photography
florida man dresses up as trump's wall with mexico for rally
scuba diving florida man and friend see what looks like three buildings under water. ends up getting sucked into nuclear power plant turbine, and lives to tell his tale.
cops: florida man beat-up by babysitter
search is on for florida man who took cookie money from girl scout
florida man blames flakka for alleged assault on officer
michael jackson is a florida man. paul newman, too.
florida man finds 9-foot gator in pool
florida man rescued from cruise ship after eye injury inflicted by his nemesis, champagne cork
florida man steals doughnuts, spits in clerk's face, police say
florida man picked pocket of 94-year-old veteran in pinecrest publix: police
florida man gets 7 years in prison for threatening to kill president obama
florida man "dr. love" arrested again on new fraud charges
florida man chews off fingertips
florida man drags alligator out of swimming pool while barefoot
florida man accused of posing as doctor arrested again on new fraud charges as judge orders mental health exam
the best food snack delivery service| tampa 'florida man'
florida man goes to a woman's home to investigate a domestic violence no-contact order, doesn't turn in report paperwork, returns the following week to ask her out on a date instead
accused fake florida man doctor malachi love-robinson arrested again; judge orders mental health evaluation
florida man (police officer) goes to a woman's home to investigate a domestic violence no-contact order, doesn't turn in report paperwork, returns the following week to ask her out on a date instead.
one handed florida man uses a bat to break into a courthouse
florida man, a former lawyer, vowed to make a citizen s arrest wednesday against a key west stripper when she would not have sex with him or return money he paid her
florida man yelling 'heil hitler' attacks woman with 4-legged cane
florida man finds 9-foot alligator in backyard swimming pool. at first he thought it was a stray golf ball.
florida man who smeared boat with blood and abandoned it at sea to fake his own death faces federal charges | americas | news
florida man fakes his death, goes to jail, walks free on bail - promises to stick around
florida man arrested after 6 yo florida girl accidentally commits suicide with a handgun.
developer, historic preservationist, and florida man incarnate donald trump held a rally at his palm beach estate/club earlier this week.
florida man tries to cash $368 billion check, planned on opening 80 million sq ft italian restaurant
cops: italian man kills florida man who made sexual advances
florida man leaves horse left tied up in disabled parking space
florida man dresses up like batman to rob stores
florida man has used church buses for sale in florida
florida man can't catch a break, even when he's dead
florida man, involved in police chase, crashes into police car chasing him, blames the flakka.
florida man arrested in $4.8m gold bar robbery
i don't know what the hell this florida man did, but...that mugshot. courtesy of broward sheriff's office.
florida man knowingly allowed a 6-year-old in his care to play near an unsecured firearm stored under his sofa   and the handgun accidentally discharged, killing the girl, police said.
turns out faking your disappearance at sea is illegal. take it from this florida man facing charges
florida man steals car, abandons it during police chase, takes off running and steals another car
florida man hatches cunning plan; he'll give the cops the combination to his safe as long as they allow him to keep the money inside.
florida man drives through tornado and gets angry that other cars are stopping to avoid it.
florida man steals from girl scouts selling cookies
florida man charged with killing his wife told police she had 'entities' inside her body
florida man charged with selling moonshine out of his taxidermy shop
drunken florida man, florida woman arrested after urinating, passing out in drive through lane at steak and shake
florida man apparently tapes a dog's mouth shut
florida man &amp; woman decide to have sex one last time before arrest.
florida man, hit by dart board was comped to his bar tab and came back later to run up another
florida man uses an alligator as a weapon. even in houston this makes the news.
florida man drains lake full of  toilet  water to coast
florida man misspelled many street signs in port st lucie 40-50 years ago, and they're finally getting around to changing them
florida man on tampa s  most wanted  list chews off fingertip skin to avoid being identified by police
florida man believes ted cruz is the zodiac killer
so i literally came across this first thing in the morning on facebook... looks like i'm going to start cleaning my friends list. theignoranceisrealinflorida florida man
florida man struck and killed by train in royal oak, mi
florida man (18 y/o) sets up his own medical practice and gets arrested for practicing without a license.
16 dogs, 12 frozen cats, mounds of animal feces, urine soaked mattress found in a group home run by florida man
the florida man shuffle
florida man to stare at ted cruz's mouth for two hours straight
florida man ignores warning and is struck and killed by train.
so florida man doesn't think the tattoos are enough to identify him.
florida man barred from selling unapproved  natural herpes medicine 
florida man accused of grabbing women, barking at children
former florida man shoots up kansas workplace
florida man steals justin verlander's tag from his truck in the midst of a crime spree during which he stole 20 disney dvds, carjacked a guy &amp; made him take off his pants after kicking him out of the vehicle...among other things
florida man charged with 'throwing alligator' into fast-food restaurant
florida man strips naked in model home
florida man twins attack each other with weedeater, fishing pole
florida man--"capital pitbull dude"--arrested at state senate
florida married firefighter, medic suspended without pay after having sex while on duty - florida man
florida man bit fingerprints off to hide identity during traffic stop
florida woman saved from attempted manatee gangrape by florida man
florida woman saved from attempted manatee gangrape by florida man
florida man has a 38% chance of thinking ted cruz might be the zodiac killer.
florida man robs gas station with lighter fluid
florida man holds live marathon to raise money to release movie.
florida man and woman left 5 year old within arms reach of grenades, pipe bombs, and more.
florida man smears grease on his face, scares people with brass knuckles
florida man beats up fellow florida man over fnaf lore
florida man ordered to stop lifting butts
florida man stashes weapons in winnie the pooh backpack under crib
florida man senator likely to lose home state in gop primary
florida man could get life in prison for misuse of bacon
florida man answers naked women bathing in hist pond brilliantly
florida man robs bank; caught 10 minutes later waiting for getaway greyhound bus
florida man says bag of drugs in mouth isn t his
florida "man" thinks he's doogie howser
florida man goes on the offensive, hitting cars with his bicycle
florida man gets hot and heavy with subordinate in firehouse
florida man and florida woman decide to follow man from casino. they rob him but agree to leave his iphone. they take the phone and victim is able to locate them within minutes.
naked, drugged florida man ransacks a home, tells police his name is three
florida man and florida woman, firefighters, accused of having sex on the job
41 year old florida man, and high school teacher, finds 17 year old student on adultfriendfinder.com, takes her back to his classroom for sex, and later resigns from his job.
my friend and i run an instagram for our favorite florida man headlines, with pictures of said florida men. we hope you guys like it!
spirit of florida man] several adults fought in a crowd of children at chuck e. cheese's on tuesday
florida 18-year-old man masquerades as a doctor, opens health clinic for 3 months
18-year-old florida man masquerades as doctor, operates health clinic for 3 months
florida man, an aspiring rapper, arrested for impersonating a police officer. claimed to be shooting a music video and didn't know that cruising in a retired police cruiser with flashing blue lights is a felony.
a florida man decided to pull a live shark out of the water just so he could take a photo with it. it is unclear whether the shark survived.
florida man arrested for 34th time, sheriff releases mugshots of his  many faces 
florida man accused of horrific crime after woman called out ex's name during sex
florida man, woman leave kid home alone with grenades and pipe bombs
florida man shot by ohio man over argument about which state has the best strip clubs
florida man attacks kid over last piece of cake.
florida man throws beer bottle after crash, then is killed by car
florida man, perfectly crash lands plane in another florida mans backyard.
florida man quits his job at burger king, steals all the chicken nuggets
florida man sues facebook for happy birthday texts
florida woman and florida man, husband and wife, sold $11k worth of goods stolen from wife's employer on ebay. couple will go from bed, bath &amp; beyond to prison if found guilty.
florida man pulls shark from ocean for photos
a customer springs into action when masked florida man claiming to have a gun demands oxycodone from pharmacy employees. [video]
florida man pulls shark from ocean for pictures
bull shark pulled out of the ocean for pictures by florida man
florida man arrested for 34th time, mocked by local police with gallery of his many mugshots
florida man attempts to start incest family. meets police sting.
group of florida man trash pizzeria over cheese on garlic knots
florida man turned roadkill after crossing road, throwing bottles at rival motorist
florida man pulls shark out of ocean for photo op
florida man drags bull shark out of water for selfies
florida man with road rage oblivious to the tornado causing the traffic
florida man filmed pulling a shark out of the sea in florida before posing for pictures with the struggling animal
15-year-old florida man charged with killing 10-year-old sister
florida man rents billboard to honor sly stallone
florida man can't drive 55, his 34th arrest involves driving a stolen car at 110 mph.
florida man wants clean water, demands answers from elementary teachers.
florida man calls 911 to chat about hitler "because he was bored"
ex-con florida man on skateboard pulled by dog is busted for heroin and cocaine
florida man drops out of race
florida man once jumped into alligator infested waters, screamed "f*ck you alligators" and was subsequently eaten alive
i'm from miami. florida man doing the florida thing.
florida man tries to fight his neighbor, wielding a broom, with a machete
florida man murders his mom on v-day. mugshot is priceless
florida man was shot on saturday morning after a debate over strip clubs
florida man suspends his campaign
florida man trashes pizzeria, with help of friends, over an order of garlic knots
florida man rams a banana up his ass
seven amazing sentences that have actually been written about florida man congressman alan grayson
teens reveal years of 'sexual sessions' with florida man pastor, and his wife
florida man picks the wrong walmart pharmacy to try to steal oxys. oh how florida man did pick the wrong one (with video goodness).
florida man searching for car keys gets locked in trunk
florida man insisted strip clubs in his home state are superior to ohio strip clubs and gets shot.
florida man calls on occultists and other "witches and wizards" to dump patriotism in favor of communism
florida man nearly kills 23-year-old woman, craigslist roommate
florida man feeds marshmallows to alligators with rc helicopter, then divebombs them
florida man drives into tornado
florida man, and prolific shoplifter, asks to be released fom jail to locate his missing "mr. froggy" plush toy.
crazy florida man does wheelie, cop flashes light, and then speeds past him.
florida man arrested after posing as gynecologist, giving exams
florida man police union president calls for boycott of beyonc  concert
florida man beaten up on valentine's day by trained fighter during failed walgreens robbery
florida man beaten up on valentine's day by trained fighter during failed walgreens robbery
florida man [teen] intentionally ran over deputy
florida man trying to rob pharmacy gets beat down from customer
florida man flashes penis at mcdonald s, tells cops  i knew this was going to happen
florida man and florida woman, demonstrating their exceptional parenting skills, found unconscious in car with syringes in hand and a baby in the back seat.
florida man too busy yelling at traffic to notice tornado right in front of him.
florida man did not see tornado - pompano beach, fl around 7:00am est
bored florida man calls 911 to chat about hitler, jews
bored  florida man rang up 911 to talk about adolf hitler and consequences followed
florida man too busy yelling in traffic to notice huge tornado coming at him
florida man sees tripadvisor declaring florida beaches best in the country
naked florida man accused of stabbing mom to death on valentine s day
florida man teen arrested, accused of practicing medicine without a license
florida man tells of isolation box at school
a florida man has pleaded guilty in federal court to helping steal more than $1.5 million worth of cigarettes
florida man fights and knocks out robber in pharmacy
florida man who plotted to start  incest family  with single mom, two young daughters, gets 10 years in prison
florida man found guilty of hitting puppy, throwing it from car
florida man returns in "florida boyz 2"
florida man took backhoe joyride on florida's 7 mile bridge, dumping boulders onto the road along the way.
18-year-old florida man arrested after posing as doctor, opening medical practice: sheriff s office
florida man accused of running fake medical practice posed as gynecologist a year ago, officials say
when florida man writes your laws, this is what happens...the city of miami beach is ticketing cyclists for following its own advice.
florida man takes backhoe on slow speed police chase destroying parts of the 7 mile bridge
florida man makes huge discovery
florida man takes his pitbull to the legislature
florida man posed as doctor, ran medical office.
florida man killed by flying toilet
florida man knocked unconscious by witnesses when he tries to rob walgreens of oxycodone
wanted florida man travels to syria, joins fight against isis
florida man hijacks 7 mile bridge with backhoe and boulders
florida man can't go to the bathroom, blames florida woman
florida man beats old people who won't use his counterfeit cash
florida woman smacks florida man around after finding his dildo
florida man charged with being married to three women after his second wife found out on facebook
florida man accidentally shoots neighbor, lawyer argues he's protected by the 2nd amendment
florida man goes on wild midnight construction equipment ride on the 7 mile bridge [florida keys]
florida man steals backhoe and drives it down a 7 mile long bridge. while being chased by the police.
florida man standing on motorcyle then cop flashes light and then speeds by him.
florida man drives through tornado and doesn't understand why other cars are trying to avoid it.
18-year-old florida man allegedly posed as doctor, opened medical practice: sheriff s office
florida man, age 18, poses as doctor and successfully starts own practice.
florida man skips court and joins isis
wanted florida man flees state to fight isis in syria
florida man says jesus told him to strip naked, walk down the street.
florida man sees thousands of sharks teem off florida beaches @cnn
florida man sets up shop in predominantly black florida city, names business kkk
florida man calls 9-1-1 to chew the fat about hitler and the jews
florida man and his cousin recall ufo close encounter 50 years ago.
florida man podcast, episode 3: two hour special!
florida man tries to help couple stuck in dirt, runs them over with a dump truck
florida man sues op for witchcraft
florida man dies in met lab explosion after lighting farts on fire
florida man reports losing $21 million in jewelry after jilting florida woman (his fianc e)
12 years after a jury awarded florida man $18 million for city water department running into him, florida man has only received $100k because of state damage cap, which the jury was unaware of
florida man attacks victims with metal rod and samurai sword in bizarre crime spree, police say
police: florida man blames 'poltergeists' after attacks with pole, sword
florida man steals $1600 puppy, trades it for crack
florida man rapes goat and is on the prowl for his next victim...
every florida man under 45 wishes he could start a rap career just like these guys.
florida man eaten by gator while burglarizing homes
a 15 yo florida man gets 16 girls pregnant after ejaculating in a swimming pool
florida man enjoys 70 degree sunshine, northerners: 4 crazy things that happen in extreme cold -- and 1 that's dangerous
florida man, sarasota's homelessness czar, steps down due to concerns over florida's sunshine laws.
florida man and florida woman alike are encouraged by goodwill to 'donate your ex s stuff' on valentine s day
florida man urinates in wal-mart as he stuffs trout down his pants
florida man accused of stealing 11 packets of salmon at pompano beach publix, tries to stab employees with a pen
florida man and florida woman attacked while searching a dumpster for lottery tickets
florida man uses metal pole &amp; samurai sword to attack two people
florida man throws alligator thru a wendy's drive drive-thru window
puppy shoots florida man, deputies say.
florida man throws gator through drive through window.
florida man, claiming to be haunted by poltergeists, attacks elderly man with a pipe, gets chased away by elderly man's wife, then attacks flea market manager with saber.
florida man uses metal pole &amp; a samurai sword to attack two people
florida man found guilty of impaling puppy that wouldn't stop barking
florida man getting younger and younger : teen on hoverboard shoot and kills another teen, after apparently losing his balance
florida man arrested for tossing gator into wendy's
florida man finds hand grenade on port charlotte beach.
florida man (or woman) is good at dramatic entrances.
florida man shoots puppies, puppy shoots back
florida man sits on kid and forgets him while playing video games
florida man jogging in nothing but shoes and socks arrested
life in prison for florida man who shot wife, put photo on facebook - story
florida man throws gator into wendy's drive-thru, gets attested months later
florida man robs store with fake pistol, gets shot with real gun
florida man is keeping me from getting back to my hotel. he went on the run in birch state park, right next to where i'm staying.
florida man tosses live alligator into wendy's drive-thru
florida man is in trouble for running the 'sausage castle', a place where you get drunk, shoot guns, have sex and ride airboats
florida man locks himself in his trunk, only to be busted for possession when freed by police.
florida man posts cash pic on snapchat, gets robbed later
florida man tosses live alligator through wendy's drive-thru window because, florida
florida man carrying gun falls off hoverboard and fatally shoots 13-year-old friend
florida man attacks victims with metal rod and samurai sword in bizarre crime spree.
florida man accidentally locks himself in his own car trunk, is rescued by deputy, who then tickets him with possession
florida man loses balance on hoverboard, accidentally shoots cousin in the head.
florida man stabs, kills roommate with broken golf club
florida man accused of touching self in public while watching jogger
florida man looking at st petersburg florida beach
florida man arrested for only wearing running shoes and socks on his daily jog
florida man on hoverboard loses balance, fatally shoots cousin in head
florida man heroically throws alligator into evil drive-thru window
8-year-old florida man (child) attempts to rob store with mother s gun
florida man accused of tossing gator into wendy's drive-thru window
florida man frees iguana trapped in chain-link fence
florida man picks up gator that's been hit by a car, puts it into his car, only to have a state trooper pull up behind him. florida man tries to hand the gator over to the cop.
florida man throws alligator thru drive thru window
florida man uses metal pole, samurai sword to attack two people
florida man may have broadcast his own murder live on periscope
florida man attacks flea market clerk with samurai sword, beats 82-year-old man with pole, blames  poltergeist 
florida man in the water
florida man accused of tossing gator into wendy's drive-thru
it doesn't get much more florida man than this.
florida man uses alligator as deadly weapon at wendy's
florida man throws alligator through drive through window.
florida man arrested for allegedly throwing a live alligator into wendy s drive-thru window
florida man faces 35 years in prison for ramming truck into horse named ellie mae
florida man kills roommate with golf club over bills
i like to imagine florida man knows his gator
florida man with three wives arrested for bigamy
florida man (redditor) decides to dry underwear in crush's microwave.
burger joint, gator and a florida man
florida man with a sword arrested for bravely defending the earth from a store clerk
florida man tosses gator through wendy's drove thru window.
florida man attacks people with sword, vowing to "kill all that is evil"
florida man looking at sunset
florida man fight off a group - bloody street fight outside a club in orlando, florida
only in florida, man...
florida woman suspects man of infidelity, smacks him around with a table leg
florida man taking a walk
florida man looking at lighthouse
florida man observing the beach
florida man watching a sunset
florida man does a b&amp;e ends up with a warrant for rape
florida man charged with having three wives
florida man tossed a live gator through a wendy's drive-thru
florida man podcast, ep. 2
florida man ejaculates in pool and 16 teenage girls get pregnant because of it.
florida man, of men's divorce firm, charged with domestic violence
florida man is arrested for carjacking in a youtube prank gone wrong
florida man found incoherent in hotel room with dead woman, two live monkeys
florida woman strikes florida man with belt because he wouldn't go to work
florida man uses girlfriend as a shield in shootout with police
modern 'bonnie and clyde' spree ends in shootout -- florida man dead, partner wounded
florida man is flashing uf students
florida man locks himself in his trunk, gets ticketed by deputy
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns self in, takes world's saddest mug shot
unhappy florida man smashes brick through davie comcast office window
florida man fires gun after he didn't get invited to barbecue
jesus tells florida man to strip naked on highway
florida man prowls panhandle, penetrating people's pet goats
florida (bat)man is a dollar store robber.
wtf florida man... ugh.
florida man dressed in batman costume robs dollar stores
florida man pushes son off of halfpipe
florida man knows what he wants to watch on tv, old man
search for  florida man and florida woman  ends with one dead, one injured in florida
florida man &amp; florida woman act out bonnie &amp; clyde, throw kidnapping party, and us marshals bring friends.
florida man whacks off on my rooftop
florida man shoots wife, posts photo on facebook
florida man with felony record thinks it's great idea to post selfie video from gun range
florida man and florida woman have sex while toddler drowns in bathtub then spend 6 months claiming kid was kidnapped
florida man sentenced to life in prison after murdering wife and posting picture of body on facebook
florida man detained for shoplifting at walmart gives fake name to police, is arrested anyway due to warrant on that name
florida man shot, paralyzed by deputy awarded $23.1m
florida man holds up a trio dumpster diving for lottery tickets
mama owl terrorizes florida man
florida man plans pro rape rally in orlando this saturday.
florida man tries to use a taco as his i'd after his car caught on fire at taco bell.
florida man lives to become the villain gotham deserves
florida man was "going crazy" in his underwear amid piles of cash at walgreens
florida man pale ale
florida man gets high, locks himself in trunk
police say florida man entered home, sucked on woman's fingers
florida woman whipped man with belt because he would not get up for work
florida man by aaron lee tasjan
8 year old florida man tries to rob grocery store with a gun
florida man oppresses christian football team s private prayer
florida man starts country in the 1800s, only lasts a few months
florida man cut a prostitute in a fight over the biggest piece of crack cocaine
florida man a multi-tour iraq war veteran teaches an armed robber a bruising lesson
florida man finds catfish in mailbox
florida man sentenced to 20 years in prison for running dog fighting ring
florida man declares zika emergency in four local counties
florida man upset backpack not searched, says he has bomb
florida man arrested for repeatedly beating 87 year old mother
florida man accused of yelling racist slurs, ramming neighbor's house with truck
florida man sexually assaulting goats
florida man's tesla model s repossessed by elon musk; name of florida man at long last revealed: marty!
black-eyed florida man yells about the size of his penis.
florida man pays thousands of dollars to put up a billboard of how much he likes sylvester stallone - picture in tampa,fl
florida man spends thousands to put up a billboard to say how much he likes sylvester stallone. pic in tampa fl
florida man crawls under cracker barrel bathroom stall to have sex with 79 year old woman.
florida man arrested for potato chip attack on walmart employee
florida man beats driver with skateboard
florida man sets off alarm and falls through ceiling of laundromat
police: florida man upset backpack not searched, says he has bomb
florida man disavows ownership of the cocaine in his shoe, claiming that he had  put his brother s shoes on. 
florida man cop shooter insults own lawyer, vents about  glorification  of george zimmerman during bizarre courtroom rant
1 florida man faces 35 years for killing horse with truck
florida man accused of punching tampa police horse in the nose
florida man racks up 106 new charges while out on bond
florida man demands right to wed computer
florida man underwater
florida man view from above
florida man arrested for creation of 8 pipe bombs as well as a large number of ammunition and weapons
florida man caught masturbating on public sidewalk
florida man uses wife's head as a mop
florida man found incoherent in hotel with one dead woman, two live monkeys.
florida man arrested after using wife's head as a mop
internet winner: florida man arrested after using wife as 'human mop' following argument over sandwich
florida man hits his employees with a bearded dragon
florida man claims to witness snake strangling coyote
florida man politician takes donations, abolishes child heart surgery standards.
florida man gets haircut during robbery.
florida man flame broils his uniform as after getting fired at burger king.
florida man flame broils his uniform after getting fired from burger king.
florida man didn't have the minimum $25 required to open a bank account, so instead he robbed the place.
florida man who didn't have the required $25 to open a bank account decides to just rob the bank instead.
florida woman found dead in hotel room with two live monkeys and an incoherent man. cops are ruling the death "suspicious"...
florida man organizes a protest asserting his right to annoy the public with his "impromptu poetry"
florida man steals a butt plug because he is too embarrassed to buy it.
florida man man throws potato chips, arrested
florida man dubbed "butt crack bandit" after robbing 2 people in fort lauderdale
florida man will soon be able to manufacture ak-47s
florida man charged with throwing a bucket of urine on his girlfriend's clothes, punching her.
florida man kisses wild bird-of-prey, loses part of lip
florida man beat after he surrenders by police
florida man surrenders to police, gets beaten by 5 cops
florida man is suing after his electronic cigarette exploded in his mouth, burning his face, throat and lungs in an accident that left him briefly in a coma.
florida man punches officer's horse in the rear
florida man kisses bird of prey, loses lip
florida man gifts tiny turtles, approaches strangers at dunkin' donuts, loses 100 million $, runs for president
florida man runs for president, carries turtles in pocket, and campaigns at dunkin donuts
florida man deputy faces attempted manslaughter charge in shooting of handcuffed man
on vacation in hawaii, florida man watched a wave sweep clean across a road and suck two people with it. the two people survived unhurt.
florida man mops the floor with his florida woman
florida man cops respond to mysterious toilet paper sculpture in park
florida man tried smuggling live birds in his pants
florida man quits burger king, steals all chicken nuggets
dna found on an empty soda can left at the scene links florida man to a home burglary
florida man kisses bird-of-prey, loses part of lip.
florida man drunk driver hits patrol car of deputy arresting another drunk driver
florida man quits job at burger king, stealing all the chicken nuggets
florida man makes an ass of self: punches a police horse in the ass.
florida man robs his own bank. walks out empty handed.
man swims with florida alligators on inflatable crocodile
florida man establishes himself as constitutional scholar by killing three relatives &amp; friends
florida man 'pulls gun' on uber passenger
florida man carried out in cuffs friday night after peeing in a potted plant in front of other bar-goers and employee
florida man flew to portland oregon to sexually abuse a 12 year old he met on instagram.
a florida man quit his job at burger king, steals all chicken nuggets
florida man rescues blind pony
florida man vowed to dress as the joker and kill boss
florida man turns abortion debate racist and sexist:  white culture  dies if women are  outside the home not having babies 
florida man invites kids on school bus to pet lions
florida man headed for extinction, legislature votes gut sunshine law
a florida man quit his job at burger king, then he cleared out his locker and a whole lot more. before leaving, the man scooped up every last chicken nugget in the freezer and took them all home.
florida man arrested for luring 12-year-old girl for sex in portland, police say
florida man working as an uber driver is arrested and deactivated after pulling gun on passenger.
florida man rescued from neighbor's dogs by machete-wielding florida woman
florida woman bit off 2 fingers of 89-year-old florida man
florida man working as uber driver charged with pulling gun on passenger
florida man kisses kestrel, loses part of lip.
florida man accused of spitting in doctor s face blames  accidental discharge of saliva 
florida man uber driver arrested after pulling gun on a passenger who wanted to "stick his d*ck in his ear"
florida man podcast, ep.1
florida man robs gas station, leaves job application with identifying information behind.
florida man makes a career out of killing sharks, writes a book about it, complains about environmentalists.
florida man pledged  allegiance to allah,  said he would dress as the joker and shoot his boss
florida man shot chihuahuas, finished one off with shovel
florida man, shows ihop server his butt for free food
deputies: florida man attempts to hide, drives into deputies
florida man decapitates dog for 'looking at him weird'
florida man pledges 'allegiance to allah;' vows to dress up as joker
florida man brings children to virginia to experience snow in blizzard.
florida man blames dog for drunk driving (audio)
florida man accused of decapitating a dog that looked at him weird
florida man steals axe from firefighters, throws it through window of burning home
florida man kisses bird-of-prey, loses chunk of lip
florida man pledged  allegiance to allah,  said he would dress as the joker and shoot his boss
deputies: florida man chases woman with ax while trying to evict her
florida sheriff seeks man who rubbed groin on real estate agent s hands.
florida man caught peeping in girl s window tells police he  owns the neighborhood.'
florida judge recognizes florida man in court as from middle school
florida man beheads dog that looked at him funny
florida man and woman arrested for trading meth for moonshine, then selling moonshine to undercover police officers to pay for another florida man's bail.
florida man gets shot after attempting to rob a homeland security officer.
florida man was arrested after he tried to save his dogs from his burning house by grabbing a firefighter s ax to break a window.
florida man and brother discover sheriff gets upset when they point laser pointers at police helicopter
florida man buries father in backyard to cash social security checks.  he s a rotten, no-good you-know-what 
florida man thinks he saw deer, shoots and kills friend instead
x-post /r/rage] florida man decapitated dog because it "looked at him weird"
florida man just won't stop
florida man decapitates dog, then sacrificed duck to "cleanse himself"
florida man arrested for masturbating near breastfeeding woman
florida man - gainesville officer responds to noise complaints about basketball-playing kids by joining game
florida man preys on praying woman, steals her purse in church during a baptism
florida man steals puppy, trades it for crack.
florida woman is drunk, so florida man offers to drive. florida man, of course, has kicked back five bloody marys and just left the strip club.
florida man assaults burger king worker because of slow service
florida man upset with new batch of orange county license plates that spell out 'gay'
florida man needs a horse
florida man plants satanic cross outside city hall with court's blessing
florida man hides pot in a barbie doll box
florida man finds crocodile in swimming pool
florida man told police he decapitated a dog because it  looked at him weird. 
florida man charged with beheading dog, duck outside apartment
florida man tackled, arrested, and charged with resisting arrest for trying to save his dogs from a house fire.
florida man arrested for trying to save dogs from burning building
florida man uses ax in an attempt to evict tenant from his daughter's house
florida man previously convicted of stalking a doctor charged with stalking another doctor. he wrote the doctor a card to congratulate her for giving birth: "good things come to those who mate."
florida man gets caught masturbating to a breastfeeding mother
florida man beheads dog that  looked at him weird 
florida man steals $1,600 puppy, trades it for crack: cops
florida man valet accidentally sets lamborghini on fire
florida man repeatedly presents ruby tuesday coupon as driver's license when pulled over for dui
florida man high school teacher arrested after driving drunk and punching a police officer.
florida man wants to get much more fracked
florida man fights girlfriend, drops baby
florida man pleads guilty to killing cross-dressing voodoo priest and lover
florida man mixtape
florida man pleads guilty killing his lover, a cross-dressing voodoo priest
florida man kills stranger for allegedly touching his truck.
florida man kills dog, duck to relieve stress
florida man steals puppy from pet store and trades it for crack.
florida man beheads his dog in his yard as neighbors watch, later explains he was "stressed out"
florida man sentenced to 15 years in prison for killing cross-dressing voodoo priest lover
florida man accused of decapitating dog that 'looked at him weird'
florida man beheads a dog, kills a duck to 'cleanse himself'
florida man suspends student from school for wrestling gun away from another student.
florida man beheads dog that  looked at him weird  with medieval ax, also kills duck in animal sacrifice
a florida man told police he decapitated a dog because it  looked at him weird. 
florida man: lamborghini catches fire after florida valet revs engine
florida man with cocaine in shorts says pants not his
florida man uses wife's head as mop after sandwich fight
florida man drains 400,000 gallons from water system
florida man gave away $300,000 because he forgot which suitcase it was in
florida man arrested for handing cop his mixtape instead of id
florida man steals puppy from store, trades it for crack and cash
florida man and woman keep daughter zip-tied in a cage
florida man charged with stealing $1,600 dog, trading it for crack
officers ask florida man for his id, he shows them his new rap cd, cops say
florida hockey man faces arson charges for burning love letters from a girlfriend
florida man arrested for using wife as human mop after fight over sandwich
florida man burns love letters, loses control of fire and symbolism
florida man gets dui after nodding off in taco bell drive-thru
naked 68 year old florida man surrenders to deputies after shooting at friend
florida man facing dui after falling asleep in taco bell drive-thru
florida man uses wife's head as mop
florida boyz: the birth. an instructional video on the who, what, when and wow of florida. (includes a cameo of the florida man)
florida man facing dui after falling asleep in taco bell drive-thru.
florida man confesses at town meeting to molesting children (x-post /r/rage)
florida man fired from burger king; walks outside and sets uniform on fire
florida man and militia leader says florida militia is ready to take a stand against the federal government.
florida man militia leader says his group ready for a "call to arms".
florida man falls asleep in taco bell drive-through lane. arrested for dui.
19-yr-old florida man, first time player wins, $2m powerball
florida man and marijuana.
florida man just wants to clean!
florida man ignored emergency calls to order pizza.
police: florida man exits car with marijuana on shirt
florida man used wife s head as a mop after fight over peanut butter sandwich, police say
florida man plays powerball for 1st time, wins $2m
florida man burns car 'he didn't like anymore'
florida man arrested for dui after falling asleep in a drive thru before he can order his tacos
florida man gets dui after nodding off in taco bell drive-thru
florida man jeb heeds some advice from dj khaled
florida man, 25, attacked mother after her dog ate his marijuana, cops charge
florida man calls police, says someone robbed him for marijuana. police arrest him for possession of weed and hallucinogenic mushrooms. (this is old, but this kid went to my high school in nj so i thought i should share).
florida man arrested after setting his burger king uniform on fire
florida man uses wife s head as a mop following argument over sandwich
florida man shots former co-worker for getting him fired from a cardboard company for misconduct
florida man charged with manslaughter after senior citizen touched his truck
florida man punches his neighbor for refusing to have a drink with him
police: florida man blames "imaginary person" for killing "evil" mother
bro! what do i do?" - heavy storm strands florida man in flooded car.
florida man high on flakka tries to break into jail 'to visit friends'
florida man tells city council he opposes lgbt protections because he molested boys until he found god
florida man and florida woman caught having sex on a park bench by a 12 year old boy
florida man arrested after  using wife s head as a mop because they had run out of jam 
florida man laments loss of plastic yard animal collection in tornado
florida man used wife as a mop after fight about pb sandwich
florida man uses wife s head as mop to clean up floor after sandwich spat
florida man - celebrity edition: backstreet boy nick carter was arrested and charged in key west after a bar fight
florida man goes to city council meeting to tell them how he molested kids, several people clap
florida man arrested for using wife's head as a mop
florida man set his car on fire, because he didn't want it anymore.
florida man spends $146,000 on powerball tickets, wins pretty much nothing
florida man arrested for girlfriend's death claims demons made him kill
florida man falls off bicycle, tells police elaborate lie that prompts citywide alert
florida man vows to have state police "expletive" up local police
florida man cleaned milk with his wife's face because they were out of jelly
florida man sets mcd's on fire and runs suv through a 711 in the name of god
cops: florida man used wife s head to mop up spilled milk after no-jelly rage
florida man strikes again! instant karma for his deviant sexual practices.
florida man isn't crying over spilled milk.
florida man (rick scott) dumps hospital standards after donation
florida man runs off after masturbating and leaving behind clear human bodily fluid as well as pubic hair on sliding glass door and floor
florida man pools money for 72,500 powerball tickets
florida man steals atm dressed as deadpool.
florida man dressed as marvel comics character deadpool steals atm machine
florida man not with that gay shit
florida man gives up firefighting, tries to burn down golf clubhouse - twice
florida man cites jimmy buffett s  margaritaville  in federal court case
florida man fired from job as cop for showing nude photos of himself to a waitress while he was on duty.
florida man caught on surveillance video stealing $2,000 puppy
drunk florida man crashes his truck into a sheriff's transport van - his ride to jail is there waiting for him
florida man upset about jelly shortage, spilled milk
florida man burns his own new car because he didn't like it
florida man and girlfriend arrested for selling "golden tickets to heaven" for 99$
florida man (and wife) keep 12 year old locked in cage.
florida man applies for job as head coach of tampa bay buccaneers, cites  fantasy football  experience
florida man sub is going to get worse
florida man apologizes while robbing pizza store
florida man steals millions, then turns in his resignation before becoming california man
florida man and woman kept adopted daughter inside  glorified cage,  police say
florida man given $10 million for no reason
florida man, pulled over for drunk driving, hands cop a ruby tuesday coupon when asked for his driver's license. he was also unaware that he had puked all over himself.
florida man 100% trusts on police officers (not sure if it fits here)
3 year-old florida man found driving motorized vehicle on highway
florida man pees and flushes on video [49:22], fails to wash hands before returning to work as police. also kills woman.
florida man pees and flushes on video [49:22], fails to wash hands before returning to work as police officer. also kills woman.
florida man files lawsuit against ronda rousey, claiming she has a penis and received steroids from barry bonds.
officer asks for driver's license, florida man gives him ruby tuesday's coupon and claims it is his license.
florida man knows a golden shower when he gets one!
3-year-old future florida man found riding big wheel on highway
florida man sues starbucks over hot coffee spill, alleges that the coffee was exceedingly hot, dangerous and unfit for human consumption
this florida man with skinny jeans messed up good.
florida man loses control of truck, spills tons of shoes
florida man imports help from paraguay in boats
florida man and florida woman use the florida method of raising a child with duct tape and a taser
florida man arrested for threatening to blow up bright house
florida man finds landfill in backyard while digging a swimming pool
florida man radiologist busted for routinely restraining 12 year old in playhouse
florida man nabbed after 11-mile masturbation caper
florida man bank robber was arrested walking down the street counting money
florida man eats crack in front of cop
florida man pulls piece of girlfriend's intestine through her vagina because she said ex husband's name during sex
florida man threatens to bomb cable company headquarters
florida man and woman used stun gun, duct tape on child, polk county sheriff's office says
x-post r/mma] florida man files restraining order against ronda rousey
florida man governor endorses donald trump
florida man drives into daycare
florida man and woman zip tie then cage adopted daughter, only to report her missing when she escapes
florida man chokes 62 year old man. others join in on the fun.
little florida man, 3 y.o., was found riding a motorized big wheel on u.s. 19
florida man, who claimed sandy hook massacre was a hoax, officially fired by florida atlantic university from his role as communication professor
florida man killed by drunken driver on new year's eve posted about hopes for 2016 on facebook just hours earlier
florida man breaks 75,065-mile record for annual cycling mileage
florida man - cop - lied about leaving dog in hot car
florida man who trespassed on rihanna's roof wants to run for public office
florida man scheduled for execution!
florida man and 2 friends steal hoverboard only to be caught soon after
florida man, friend charged in fatal diy cat declawing incident
florida man breaks record for annual cycling mileage
florida man charged with hate crimes for allegedly attacking muslim store clerk in queens
florida man crashes train into a garbage truck
florida man (multiple) busted for laundering millions for international drug cartels
florida man accused of shining laser at commercial jet
machete-wielding florida man vandalizes mosque, leaves behind three pounds of bacon.
florida man cites "margaritaville" in federal court, loses case
florida man greets patrons with "merry (expletive) christmas." santa (and cops) not amused.
florida man faces 120-year sentence for firing 2 shots
florida man accused of trashing mosque, leaving bacon on front door
florida man rapes teen, claims  sovereign citizenship 
florida man: "come kill our snakes"
florida man can find fsu's anthropology department in a strip mall?
florida man gives fake name to police officer; fake name has a dui
florida man, woman rob presumed mistress
florida man, who also babysits, sexually attacks girl blames it on whatever.
new year s eve refrigerator raid lands florida man in jail
florida man tried to build a house on city-owned property
florida man wants forest declared "blight" for tax break
florida man faces 120 years in prison for firing 2 shots, no injuries
florida man named dick bender gets charged with sexual assault
florida man and woman trap selves in unlocked cupboard for two days
chicopee police: florida man, armed with loaded shotgun, arrested after disturbance
florida man accidentally kills son while playing video games
florida caricature artist man stabs boss in neck with scissors at theme park.
florida man caricature artist becomes a caricature himself by stabbing boss with scissors at a theme park.
florida man jailed for snoozing in port-a-potty
florida man caricature artist at universal orlando resort tried to kill his manager by stabbing him in the neck with scissors on new year's day.
florida man takes up long-distance cycling
florida man delivers heroin-stuffed burrito to hospital
florida man wasn't the first "time traveler" in florida
florida man trying to piss in canal falls in and dies
florida man drives motorcycle on to key west airport runway at 1:35 am and crashes into a jet.
florida man takes his motorcycle for a ride at 1:30 am, ends up on a runway and crashes into a jet
florida man sits on his son and smothers him to death while playing video games on christmas eve.
florida man shoots and kills his wife and two others over a washing machine.
florida man (unconvincingly) feigns surprise at seeing alligators in the everglades
florida man shot and killed after breaking into home new years day
florida man kills 6-year-old son by crushing him into sofa
florida man hits 9 yr old with celebratory gunfire after nye church service
florida man attempting to relieve himself in canal dies after...
florida man founder of men's divorce law firm is charged with domestic violence
florida man had sex with his pit bull in front of neighbours
florida man crashes a dodge challenger through a building attempting to time travel
florida man who specializes in representing men in divorce cases has been charged with punching his wife and pulling her hair during a fight in his car while he was driving, according to police records.
florida man claims cops performed a cavity search on him in the middle of the street.
best florida man headlines 2015
florida man has a super pac fetish
florida man trying to "time travel" drives his car through a building
florida man we had some drinks and great conversation which led to meeting him at his piece of shit apt. we had drinks and bad sex. the next day i found him on a swingers site. the only good thing i got out of this was florida wildlife sleeveless shirts.
florida man crashes dodge challenger in an attempt to time travel
florida man breaks into jail. [x-post /r/funny]
florida man in jail after suffocating son while he and his girlfriend played video games
florida man update! serial peeper surrenders to police.
florida man pees on neighbor's car door, then hides in the bushes and watches neighbor open the door
florida man does not help his case when he tells officers that he likes to masturbate in public 2-3 times per day
florida man brings rhesus macaque monkeys to park on island. monkeys swim to shore. 75 years later, they're spreading across central florida.
if luke skywalker were a florida man, he'd spell his last name with two y's and win a case at the us supreme court.
florida man devoured by alligator while hiding from police
florida man delivers a heroin burrito to a hospital
florida man gives fake name to cop. name belongs to someone who shouldn't be driving
florida man orders 16 year old neighbor lingerie repeatedly despite being asked to stop
florida man nearly crushed by ice during heat wave
best of florida man 2015 - enjoy!
florida man jailed for selling stolen gift cards got out on bail and again tried to sell 1,000 more gift cards, this time to raise money to pay his attorney
florida man shot after coming to door nude, with gun
25 reasons florida man/woman made you facepalm in 2015
florida man loses a fight
florida man falls out of restaurant ceiling while trying to hide from police
florida man, and serial peeper, caught masturbating outside bedroom windows. used his slingshot to shatter windows for a "better view".
former governor of florida man travels to palm beach, gives advice on the proper way to take selfies.
florida man wants satanic plaques in town hall
florida man busted with gun, drugs in wal-mart wants "mystery shopper" job
police looking for florida man who delivered heroin wrapped in a burrito to a hospital
florida man 911 dispatcher demoted for playing video games on job
florida man convicted for trafficking hungarian gay sex slaves
florida man steals speedboat and takes cops on 300 mile chase
florida man accused of drunk boating poops in water, throws pot overboard during arrest
florida man dies from accidental shooting while demonstrating how to clean gun over facetime call.
time traveling  florida man crashes car into building
florida man shot twice after giving brother gun and daring him to shoot him
florida man, in nissan altima, shoots other driver for not accelerating fast enough at green light.
florida man seen wearing nothing but a ski mask
florida man threatens stabbing over snoring in shelter
florida man adds underage girls on facebook, tries to offer "strong medicine" pills to them in exchange for sex.
florida man speeding naked, drunk w/ three women
elderly florida man shot in arm at miami mcdonalds in a minor dispute with stranger, continues eating calmly with bloody wound in his arm
florida man adds shark to tidal pool full of children.
florida man shot after telling fellow patron 'your order is ready'
the phenomenon that is florida man, explained.
florida man showing a relative the proper way to clean a gun shoots himself to death
florida man attempted time travel, crashes car into strip mall
florida man in training is 12 years old and already has over 20 arrests
florida man shoves a 70 year old man "because he's country"
florida man or star wars man
florida man super pac fetishist strikes again.
florida man crashes into building trying to time travel
florida man tries to start a riot at disney springs because his meal was late.
i ll kill you right now : florida man opens fire at mcdonald s restaurant after dispute over order escalates
florida man pizza manager pulls gun on dissatisfied customer
florida man punches child in the face for being late to church
florida man crashes into businesses after attempting to time travel
meta: florida man is a humor subreddit.
florida man bitten by shark among other injuries
florida man steals reptile eggs for world's creepiest omelette?
florida man restaurant employee shoots, kills masked gunman
florida man tells police his girlfriend gouged his eyes out, police notice he still has two working eyes, they then become red and teary as he starts crying
florida man who landed a gyrocopter on the lawn of the u.s. capitol will run for the congressional seat held by rep. debbie wasserman schultz, chairwoman of the democratic national committee
florida man drives off fishing pier south of sunshine skyway bridge near tampa bay
florida man thwarts robbery. shoots and kills masked gunman at restaurant. [x-post /r/news]
florida man who flew gyrocopter to u.s. capitol announces congressional run to unseat dnc chair dws
florida man kills 2 yr old baby because boy disrespected him
florida man showing how to clean a gun during a video chat accidentally shoots self, dies
florida man - car thieves drive around in stolen vehicles until apprehended. one plastered with owner's local company.
florida man lives with 60 snakes.
florida man to display 'festivus pole' at oklahoma capitol
florida man says the lord brought him to restaurant with weapons, drugs
florida man travels through time
florida man admits to having sex with 15-year-old girl to his wife. florida man is (or was) a 27-year-old cop.
florida man shoots self while showing how to clean gun
florida man trades uber ride for a blow j
florida man offers free shotguns with jewelry purchase
florida man in gyrocopter landing will challenge dnc chairwoman
florida man arrested for murder in spite of the worst police sketch ever.
florida woman tasers, stabs man she met for sex
initially stopped because of an expired license plate then deputies noticed drugs and a gun, florida man talked himself into more severe charges when he volunteered that he was planning on selling some of the drugs at a strip club.
florida man creates literally hundreds of super pacs for no apparent reason
florida man a "one-man black market" for dinosaur bones.
florida man roofer who told his client,  don t be a f-----g schlub, pay your f-----g bill,  did not violate the florida consumer collection practices act, a miami-dade circuit appellate panel decided
florida man steals butt plugs, says he was embarrassed to pay for them
florida man waves gun at pedestrian he almost ran over
little known fact: florida man also has a thing for politics
florida man accused of punching child in face because of church tardiness
florida man jeweler offers free shotgun with jewelry purchase
florida man upsets internet by posing with ho's
florida man attempts to cash a $368 billion check
florida man falls victim to leprosy after sex with armadillo
florida man toes to use taco as id
florida man tries to use taco as id
florida man modifies his vw golf
florida man takes down robber using a bottle of ice tea and by tying his shoelaces together
florida man says woman drugged him, stole his rolex
florida man erects gay-pride-themed festivus pole in conservative state capitols
florida man forgets how to taco, sets car on fire
one florida man threatens another over stray cat
florida 'time traveler' man crashes car into pensacola business
florida man 'time traveler' crashes car into pensacola business
florida man snapchats misadventure at sea
police: florida man kills bicyclist in hit-and-run while 'distracted' by oral sex from passenger
florida man arrested for dui in motorized wheelchair
florida man tries to steal $1700 worth of stuff from walmart, police find he has a math lab inside his car
florida man tries to steal $1700 worth of stuff from walmart, police find he has a meth lab inside his car
florida man who slammed his vehicle into a building told police he wanted to "time travel".
florida man attacks mom's boyfriend with a samurai sword over missing can of shrimp
florida man tending pot grow spooked by helicopter, mistakenly surrenders
florida man found his weakness; bullets
florida man steals sex toy, because he was too embarrassed to purchase it.
flakka, also known as florida man in drug form, has led to erratic behavior and life-threatening overdoses in broward county and elsewhere
florida man professor says sandy hook massacre is a hoax   and allegedly harassed parents of victims -
florida man (belives well can cure cancer) breaks into school, harasses people, school nixes fort myers beach school program
florida man stitches
florida man breaks into jail to see his friends
florida man pulls gun on "disrespectful" teen
florida man attempts to break into jail, gets caught in razor wire
florida man resists arrest, defecates off side of boat
coral springs high school (junior- age 18) florida man accused of sexually assaulting girl
florida man catches pythons and chameleons in the wilds of south florida. widely considered a sith lord
florida man sends "ho" themed christmas card
florida man professor could be fired for harassing parents of sandy hook victim for 3 years while claiming school massacre was a hoax
took me far too long to realise this wasn't a real florida man
florida man has no clue he s sitting on a loaded handgun
florida man steals cop equipment for stepson
deputies: vero beach, florida man high on flakka tries to break into jail 'to visit friends'
florida man vandalizes turtles.
florida man wants to fill uf field with pee
florida man strips for swim, flashes cop
florida man, a judge, fired for challenging public defender to fistfight
brevard's 'fighting judge' florida man removed by florida supreme court
62 yr old florida man kidnaps, kills 25 yr old ex-girlfriend, now on the run
junior florida man stabs woman at nudist resort.
florida man livin' the dream
florida man sex toy thief told cops he was "too embarrassed" to actually pay for the items
florida man finds 2 art thefts in 2 months odd
florida man issues tickets at jewish parade - is that kosher?
florida man puts principal in time out
florida man wearing sexy french maid outfit and dog collar among 95 busted in prostitution sting
florida man sued by school board for driving slowly in school zones
florida man to display festivus pole at oklahoma capitol
florida man on vacation in europe
florida man watches miami slowly sink.
florida man dressed as french maid busted in prostitution sting
florida man busted for shoplifting after he drops two tvs on his own head
florida boy,12 years old and arrested more than 20 times, starting life out the florida way, steals 89 yr old mans car. tells man the tire pressure was low and jumps in the car and drives off when man checks.
florida boy starting life out the florida man way (12 years old and arrested more than 20 times) . steals 89 yr old mans car by telling him the tire pressure was low and jumping in and driving off when man checks.
florida man, 12, arrested for carjacking.
florida man kills ducks in front of kids
florida man smuggles fake sex pills
florida man (boy) getting a lot of practice getting arrested - he's 12 and authorities said the boy has been arrested more than 20 times (most recently for stealing a car from an 89-year-old man
florida man on drugs rams car into the indian river county jail
florida man on flakka tries to break into jail, but gets tangled up in the razor wire
florida man "high on flakka' just wanted to visit friends in jail.
florida man that rode a bike clear across lakeland wearing his french maid outfit with his dog collar around his neck among the nearly 100 people arrested in prostitution sting, codenamed operation naughty not nice
florida man, 13, arrested in stabbing at florida nudist resort
florida man tries to break into jail to visit friends while high on flakka
13-year-old florida man(child) arrested in stabbing at florida nudist resort where he lives with his parents
florida man dressed as a french maid arrested in a prostitution sting
florida man decides to take an unexpected trip to china. florida man has not yet returned.
nothing makes florida man randier than a cracker barrel bathroom.
florida man professor taunts sandy hook parents and accuses them of faking kids  massacre for money
florida man snubs hoa- freaks out and trashes house when he gets evicted.
florida man hears helicopter, calls 911 to turn himself in for growing pot
florida man just wanted to sell tickets to heaven.
florida man wins lottery, still steals
florida man wants to sue the whole neighborhood because they won't take down their christmas decorations
florida man eaten by alligator while hiding from cops
florida man hiding from cops in pond gets eaten by alligator
florida man at wdw jokes that the bulge in his pants was part of his anatomy, but deputies said it was actually a snub-nosed revolver loaded with five hollow-point bullets
florida man creates an innovative license plate frame
florida man arrested for driving drunk and naked at 110 mph
an oldie but still possibly the best florida man story ever
florida man arrested after beating co-worker who made fun of his small penis
florida man drives at 100+ mph naked
florida man growing marijuana panics, turns himself in after hearing unrelated police activity
florida man pretends to be federal agent to scare woman out of divorce plans
25 things florida man did this year.
florida man dean of students at school told student 'you had to go deep into the hood to get that weave'
florida man hides from cops in pond, is killed by alligator
florida man gets eaten by alligator while hiding from the cops
florida man eaten by alligator while hiding from police
gospel singer florida man claims he was able to serenade his way out of a traffic ticket - link to video in the article
florida man uses infant for shield
drunk florida man locks keys in car and gets police to unlock it. he then drives off and is arrested in mcdonald's drive-thru after trying to pay with driver's license.
florida man receiving "road head" hits &amp; kills bicyclist
florida man travels all the way to queens, ny to assault store owner. shouts "i kill muslims!"
florida man. florida woman.
emirati man in florida illegally arrested on weapons charges in melbourne.
florida man can skate *real* thin ice in miami
florida man growing pot plants surrenders after mistakenly thinking he was being sought
florida man is king of fossilized feces
florida man serenades orange county deputies to get out of traffic ticket
florida man posing as u.s. marshal walks out on bar tab, faces charges including impersonating an officer and possession of marijuana
florida man eaten by alligator after burgal attempt had him hiding from police in lake.
florida man strikes wichita ks?
florida man hides from police in pond, gets eaten by 11-foot gator
florida man killed by gator while hiding from cops about a burglury in lake
florida man headbutts his 75 year old mother during an argument
florida man: new suspected us-led syria raids kill dozens of civilians: syrian observatory for human rights
florida man strikes again, blazes it with ape
florida man eaten by alligator while hiding from deputies
florida man eaten by alligator while trying to run from cops.
florida man can now get hypercaffeinated at the beach
florida man wants good guys shooting bad guys
naked florida man caught driving 110mph
florida man fakes mental disorder for benefits, busted being funny
florida man eaten by alligator after fleeing police
florida man gospel singer belts his way out of traffic ticket
florida man distracted by sex act by woman fatally strikes man on bike.
florida man hides from cops in pond. gets eaten by 'gator.
florida man who is a two star navy admiral reprimanded for getting drunk and wandering naked around a florida beachfront hotel while attending a conference with defense contractors
florida man runs himself over with his own big rig
florida man bans trump from city
florida man has cocktail party in pants
florida man can now get happiest date on earth, apparently
florida man, burglary suspect, hides from cops in pond, is promptly eaten by hungry alligator
florida man drowned due to alligator attack after evading arrest for burglary
deputies: florida man was having sex while driving, when he hit, killed bicyclist
florida man on the run fatally nabbed by 11-foot alligator
florida man wants money for poor to fix his fairways
the motherlode: 61 florida man and florida woman stories in a slideshow!
florida man finds thousands of cans of coffee washed up on beach. declares it "christmas coffee"
florida man, and good samaritan, attacked, critically injured, in vail hotel
florida man attacks queens store owner, who claims suspect said  i kill muslims 
florida man killed by gator as he flees the scene of a burglary.
florida man commits murder, then visits strip club to "ease his mind"
florida man stabs another man for stealing his sandals
florida man burglary suspect hiding in pond killed by alligator
florida man goes to strip club after killing a man: cops
florida man convicted of killing wife; posted facebook photo of body
florida man convicted of killing wife and posting picture of her body on facebook
naked florida man tops 110 mph with 3 female passengers
florida man receiving oral sex strikes and kills a bicyclist
florida man wants to be indiana jones, assaults somebody with bull whip
florida man beats another florida man with bull whip for (allegedly) cheating with his wife.
florida man killed by alligator while burglarizing houses
florida man (mayor) bans trump from his city.
florida man beats brother with shillelagh stick, while both high on drugs.
florida man robs the poor for his country club
florida man eaten by alligator when fleeing deputies
florida man eaten by gator after burglary
florida man spends police money on beer and boobs.
70-year-old florida man fights back: 1 burglar shot, 1 on the run
florida man tries three times to kill his kid's mother. fails.
curious about how fireworks worked, florida man lost both of his arms in explosion after putting firework powder in a coffee grinder
florida man dies eating steak on his birthday
florida man hit cyclist with truck while receiving oral sex
florida man has car ripped up by rabid animal - (description w/photos, x-post from /r/wtf)
florida man charged with dui. turns out is 'dui expert'
florida man arrested for calling 911: "help my cat was denied entry to the strip club"
florida man chokes to death while eating his birthday steak dinner
florida man wakes up and finds florida dog has ripped his car apart for laughs
florida man sleazes his way though the final season of america's next top model, hits on half the female contestants, makes it to the top four
florida man lives on a boat, it sinks, now the cops are after after.
florida man thinks he's gambit
florida man lives on a boat, it sinks, now the cops are after him.
florida man crawls under a bathroom stall at a cracker barrel and tells a 79-year-old woman that he wanted to have sex with her
florida man chokes to death on steak during 57th birthday celebration.
florida man shoots himself while cleaning a handgun
florida man peeps into neighbors' home, leaves poop
florida man peeps into neighbors' homes, leaves poop
florida man who considers himself a dui expert is charged with a dui
florida man, who happens to be nationally recognized dui lawyer, gets dui
national dui expert charged with dui in florida man
florida man, woman busted by dogs
florida man accidentally shoots himself in crotch while cleaning handgun
idea] - first annual florida man of the year award
florida man accused of tossing 'deadly urine' at cop
florida man killed in crash during test drive at car dealership
florida man arrested for allegedly murdering homeless couple
florida man helped plan murder of wife for life insurance
florida man charged with making bomb threat to avoid court
florida man and metal guitarist has been arrested and petitioned to be banned from facebook.
florida man construction worker run over by his own bulldozer
florida man police chief has cruiser stolen from his driveway
florida man tells cops, "i have pot in my butt."
poll] florida man/woman of the year
florida man cop gets paid vacation after hitting stripper's car and fleeing
til the reason so many crazy news articles begin with "a florida man/woman..." is because the media have unrestricted access to florida police reports.
florida woman stripper kicks man for telling her to lose weight.
florida man stays in missile bunker for 63 years   friend pranks him for the whole time
drunk florida man steals $40,000 mercedes by convincing the valet that it was his
naked florida man breaks into condo of sleeping family
florida man gets ridiculously drunk, drives home and stumbles out of his car all while being tracked by police helicopter
florida man might have a new swimming pool
florida man waiting in his bikini with his luggage. (i was stopped at a stoplight, best resolution i could get)
florida man drinks a beer while idling next to a cop
naked  drunken idiot  florida man arrested after hiding in bushes
florida man rders burgers, cash at debary drive-thru, officials say
central florida man tried to electrocute his father on thanksgiving over will, police say.
florida man was arrested after being caught masturbating on the side of interstate 95
florida man tried to electrocute father over will
florida man tries to electrocute elderly father over will
deputies: naked florida man breaks into east naples condo
florida man, 3 juveniles allegedly fished, filleted and ate a 30-pound cobia out of oceanographic society exhibit
florida man applies to place "gay pride festivus pole" at arkansas capitol
homophobic florida man dresses as woman to protest lgbt rights ordinance
florida man stalker sent woman, he doesn't even know, 29,000 facebook messages
florida man caught masturbating on highway i95
florida woman intentionally defecates in patrol car after battering elderly man
florida man beaten by stripper with "muffin top".
florida man gives away over 15,000 free beers because ucf's football team went 0-12
florida woman accused of stabbing man on thanksgiving day after she thought he was a turkey
cuba owes florida man $3,200,000,000.
florida man thrills grannies, busts up gambling ring
florida man plays with massive 8ftx6.5ft yellow jacket nest with thousands of queens and millions of workers.
drunk florida man arrested after stumbling into wrong home and refusing to leave
florida man snitch ruins florida retirement community's penny-ante mahjong game
73 y/o florida man arrested after children saw him masturbating in front of his apartment window, tells the police he prefers young women between 8 and 16 years of age.
florida man attempts an armed robbery dressed as darth vader
florida man, who works for action news in jacksonville, reposts article from krmg in tulsa about woman in britain
florida man / darth vader robbery foiled by jar of blue chess dressing
florida man trains dog to dive, catch lobsters in the ocean
florida man found guilty in death - cnn.com
florida man says "i'm sorry to do this on thanksgiving" while robbing burger king
florida man who shot wife eight times and posted facebook photo of her corpse found guilty of second-degree murder
florida man found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on facebook
florida man sues after being disciplined for a desk pop while cleaning his gun.
florida man assaults cops with eggs and potatoes
florida man shoots himself in genitals with flair gun
florida man who posted image of dead wife on facebook convicted of her murder
florida man allegedly burgles homes, films himself in the act, doesn't realize stolen iphone is still uploading to icloud
florida man facing felony charges for throwing eggs and potatoes at pursuing law enforcement
south florida man serves thanksgiving meals to 150 homeless people
florida man steal 2 trailers holding 1000 christmas trees from costco
florida man dressed as 'darth vader' tries to rob florida store
florida man robber in darth vader costume foiled by jar of salad dressing
nooo!!!! florida man killed in liquor store robbery hours before retirement
video shows florida man throwing himself into police car
florida man knocks out another man's teeth after a dispute over nature photography
a group of florida teens hack up a florida man with a machete, bury him alive, and then go have sex to celetrate.
florida man accused of molesting his daughter's friend, in a church parking lot, after offering her a ride.
florida teens hack florida man up, bury him alive, celebrate by having sex nearby (x-post from r/wtf)
florida man and girlfriend rob a child for $5
florida man is selling his custom his custom glock -- with no trigger guard.
sounds like florida man and idaho man should hang out...
florida man says he's so drunk he'll blow up the breathalyzer
florida man charged with assaulting deputies with eggs and potatoes
the secret of easter island | history documentary hd florida man
mask wearing florida man arrested after not robbing store
florida man crashes stolen car into giant ice cream cone
capet cleaning florida man arrested for selling cocaine from work truck
florida man didn't remember driving suv off showroom floor, through glass doors
florida man does his holiday shopping early. breaks into a home, steals three birds in their cages. police are already calling him the "bird bandit".
florida man burglarized home while wearing gps monitor
florida man aka mr happy/fun math tutor and ex-porn star prohibited from advertising math tutoring business in boca raton schools
florida man drinks 18 beers, crashes car and tell cops he's so drunk it will blow up the breathalyzer.
florida man (and woman) rob eleven year old girl of $5.00
florida man works at a liquor store!
florida man assaulted by a stripper after telling her to lose weight
florida man sentenced to 5 years for burglary, claimed to be sleepwalking
florida man says he doesn't remember walking into a honda dealership, loading tvs into an suv, and driving through a glass door
florida man robs convenience store in darth vader mask, gets hit on head with bottle of blue cheese dressing (x posted)
florida man breaks into house triggering an alarm. florida man then steals alarm.
florida man accused of flashing says he was shaking out a bug
impaled florida man saved by power saw-wielding pastor
florida man tries to rob convenience store disguised as darth vader and is beaten into submission by clerk wielding bottle of blue-cheese salad dressing
florida man shots himself and his daughter at a florida hospital.
did florida man doctor isis intelligence?
florida man dressed as darth vader attempts armed robbery, thwarted by ranch dip.
florida man attempts to pick up women by beating them with pillows
looking for  a nice quiet place to pee,  florida man arrested at trailer park | miami herald
florida man who set father on fire turns himself in
florida man commits aggravated assault with bodily fluids, robbery, and harassment here in nj
florida man gets 5 years for sleepwalking burglary.
florida man causes 16 accidents, received 25 written warning slips, served 30 days of unpaid suspension, and most recently caused a four-car pileup on the i-95 in 2013, costing taxpayers $75,000. he's a school bus driver and he's still employed.
florida man claims he caught and ate shark that bit him
florida parents angry about a muslim man speaking at a school assembly
florida man moves wedding up a year so dying mom can see ceremony!
florida man costs taxpayers $115,000,000 by *not* crashing plane
police: florida man says  voices  made him kill girlfriend
florida man cop fired for singing about killing with death metal band
florida man (the mayor of hialeah) attempts to pay $4,000 ethics fine with 28 buckets of coins
x-post r/morbidreality) florida man shoots his twin daughters in their mother's arms, kills his father-in-law, and then turns the gun on himself.
the ventriloquist was a florida man
florida man and cop fired after singing on stage at death metal show.
florida man assaults girlfriend with bananas over pee
florida man gets stuck in a chimney during a unoccupied home robbery attempt
florida man gets stuck in a chimney while trying to rob an unoccupied house
florida man driver's ed teacher charged with dui
florida man crashes into rod stewart's mailbox
florida man, on social security, sells cocaine, heroin, and ak-47 assault rifles from his driveway.
florida man gets dui in golf cart, hands cop a prison id
police charge florida man looking for a "nice quiet place to pee"
florida man does pepe le pew impression
florida man gets stuck in chimney trying to rob home
florida man makes bomb threat on bus, tells authorities that he was talking about the movie "speed."
florida man found guilty of stabbing says he was attempting exorcism
florida man fatally shoots woman in "freaky sex game"
florida man enraged over paris charged with voice mail threat against mosque   after leaving his name
fbi arrests florida man for threatening pinellas mosque   and leaving his name.
florida man threatens to take a gun to an elementary school because music from a fundraiser was too loud.
florida man threatens to bring a gun to an elementary school because music from a fundraiser was too loud.
florida man exacts revenge on shark
florida man accidentally shoots woman in head during "freaky sex" and kills her.
florida man attacks woman with a pillow in walmart
florida man makes false bomb threat on bus
transgendered florida man discovers he is pregnant.
florida man accused of setting his own father on fire using gasoline; turns himself in to authorities
florida man arrested after recording himself having  sexual contact  with small pit bull
florida man takes a dump in front of a deputy and offers the lawman $500
florida man arrested after leaving wallet at scene of car burglary
i think we found florida man's arch nemisis: serbian man
florida man kills shark after it attacked him, says he will eat it.
animal-loving florida man killed by newly adopted dog
florida man allegedly threatened mosques day after paris attacks, dares them to report him to the police, they do
florida man set his father on fire
jesus allegedly told a florida man to steal wine &amp; cheez-its..
crazy stream of tweets from a florida man: inventor of patent 7,987,168 [the search used on all cell phones, tablets, computers],   , and illegally &amp; wrongfully condemned by usa secret court; the fisc.
florida man who bought a sherman tank at auction sues, says he never got it
florida man high on crack goes to his neighbor's house naked and plays with his penis
no family vacations in open carry florida! the florida(man) boycott
florida man arrested for accidentally shooting woman during sex
florida man cop gets drunk before the award show.
this is how a poor florida man unbox is ipad pro
is it me or the 5th charactar none resembles a very well known man here in florida?
is it me or the 5th charactar nose resembles a very well known florida man?
florida man hacks street sign...
florida man wants to charge 9 year old with sexual harassment for a writing his crush a love letter
florida man slaps poker player, says he has  baby nuts 
florida man puts picture of dead wife on facebook; claims self-defense.
florida men prank florida man.
florida man vs. florida man in battle over yard signs
florida man leaves wallet at scene of crime is arrested
florida man is arrested after leaving wallet at the scene of crime
florida man brought baby to armed robbery
florida man lands hot air balloon on i-4 - too foggy for flight
florida man kills wife and posts photo of her corpse on facebook
florida man from mcdonald's shooting: 'it looked like a movie robbery'
florida man dumps a disabled man out of his wheelchair
florida man accidentally shoots, kills woman during 'freaky sex'
florida man charged with indecent exposure after walking around with his pants down
florida man arrested after filming himself raping a pitbull puppy.
florida man busted after a theft of avocadoes, the aztec word for which means testicles.
florida man accidentally shoots woman at mcdonalds drive through
florida man accidentally shoots woman in the head during sex.
federal government sends florida man and florida woman free marijuana for life
florida man arrested after leaving wallet at the scene of the crime.
florida man ran several cars off the road because they are 'evil'.
florida man takes his shirt off and steals honey buns, knocks over lottery machine
florida man who happens to be a police sergeant charged with child porn possession
helicopter captures footage of an florida man 'fight club' in a winn-dixie parking lot
helicopter captures footage of a florida man 'fight club' in a winn-dixie parking lot
florida man calls 911 to brag about muscles, and then proceeds to hits on dispatcher.
florida man sues tinder over fees for extra swipes
florida man is sueing tinder over fees for extra swipes
florida man beats infant child to death. florida woman only complains when the smell becomes too much.
florida man slaps man after telling him he has baby nuts.
florida man kills wife &amp; posts pics of her corpse on facebook
florida (wo)man throws her panties at canadian prime minister
florida man sentenced to year in ail for biting dog on neck, choking it until its eyes popped out
florida man sentenced to year in jail for biting dog on neck, choking it until its eyes popped out
florida man, dui cop, gets wasted at drunk-driving conference
florida man -- a sheriff's deputy -- is too drunk to receive mothers against drunk driving award
florida man smashes rod stewart's mailbox in dui stop
florida man, who is also a cop, shows up too  wasted  to accept award for dui arrests from mothers against drunk driving
florida man shoved grandmother, 82, to ground after being denied ability "to buy cake"
florida man officer michael szeliga of the pinellas county sheriff s department showed up to a mothers against drunk driving conference in fort lauderdale so drunk that he could not even walk straight.
florida man officer of the county sheriff s department showed up to a mothers against drunk driving conference in fort lauderdale so drunk that he could not even walk straight.
florida man too drunk to collect prize from mothers against drunk driving
florida man starts business
florida man attempts to burn $26,000 buccaneers flag after tampa bay's loss to new york
fdle: florida man poses as filmmaker to lure girls for pornography
florida man sets fire to hotel room, saying a bottle of rubbing alcohol spontaneously exploded
florida man falls off 75-foot cliff trying to take picture, somehow survives
florida man wrestles with 10ft alligator found on his front lawn
florida man pulls gun after being denied job at barber shop, flips car during police chase.
florida man (teacher) arrested for allegedly watching gay porn in his classroom full of ninth-grade students..
massive 10-foot alligator greets florida man on doorstep
florida man falls through restaurant ceiling while trying to rob it
florida man blows up garbage truck, injuring driver.
florida man just can't keep his snake in it's cage
naked, shouting florida man arrested in st. pete driveway.
florida man who landed gyrocopter outside capitol will plead guilty
florida man bites dog: attack on canine leads to yearlong prison sentence
florida man gets year in jail for biting dog
florida man visits golden gate bridge, falls down cliff
florida man slashes deputy's tires
florida man brings baby daughter to armed robbery
police: florida man fends off toilet-lid wielding wife
florida man may be world's most terrifying clown
i did something wrong," - florida man pops daddy dead in the head with a hammer, steals the dog, tosses it into his brother's yard, then crashes into a pole
florida man camps at best buy 33 days before black friday- helps gunshot victim with skills from the walking dead.
florida man comes home, finds florida men in his bed
totally sane florida man welcomes 16th new born baby to growing family
florida man brings baby daughter along for armed robbery
florida man accused in hammer attack on dad
florida man risks life for perfect pic, ends up dangling off cliff
florida man guilty of biting dog, popping its eye out of socket | the japan times
florida man shoots, kills wife because she  nagged  him
florida man creates artificial limbs for children who were born without has vowed to help a dozen more people across the country for the holidays
drunken golf cart joyride costs florida man $184k
florida man is released from jail and wants to celebrate. so he breaks into a home, smokes weed, throws some paint around, steals stuff and is promptly arrested.
florida man wins mayoral election in most florida way possible
florida man tries to avoid speeding ticket by reporting fake emergency to 911
florida man mayoral race decided by deck of cards
florida man mayoral race decided by card game
florida man answers the door, finds gator on doorstep
living florida man told he's 'dead' by the va
florida man bites his mother s dog named cujo, squeezes it so hard that one of the animal s eyeballs pops out of the socket
florida man charged with dui after damaging rod stewart s mailbox
masturbation to bestiality porn concerns prospective girlfriend of florida man
deputies investigate after complaints of nude florida man
florida man finds large alligator at his front door.
florida man robs store with child in getaway car.
florida man started fire to kill daughter, self
florida man arrested for possessing 44 counterfeit credit cards
florida man confronts presidential candidate over crackpot egyptology
florida man hides rifle in the back of his pants and accidentally discharges it after rifle-whipping another individual who tried to fight him for hitting on his girlfriend in a restaurant causing a local college to be put on lockdown for an hour.
florida teacher-man arrested after allowing students to see pornography on his phone
florida man - teacher arrested after allowing students to see pornography on his phone
florida man forgets how to grammar while making a sign for florida man city.
florida man guilty of biting dog, popping eye out of socket
florida man escapes mental health facility for a 5th time, charged with making a pipe bomb
florida man would stand up for her
florida man parents call on wrinkles the clown to scare children straight
florida man found guilty of biting dog, and popping an eye out of it socket
florida man with size 16 feet seeks funds for amputation
gator jumps out of canal, attacks florida man
a student florida man gets detention for hugging a friend
florida man crashes through the ceiling during a failed restaurant burglary in broad daylight, is held down by patrons until police arrive
florida man attacks uber driver
florida man wins mayoral race in card game
florida man bites mother's shih tsu, squeezes its eyeball out
florida man selling snake pizza, a solution to the invasive python problem
florida man crashes through the ceiling of a restaurant during a failed burglary in broad daylight, is held down by patrons until police arrived.
florida man, uber driver swapped ride for oral sex inside his vehicle
florida man drops gun in cracker barrel, gun goes off and shoots 3 on its own
students see porn on florida man teacher's phone, polk county deputies say
florida man steals $50,000 worth of human hair
florida man shot to death in strip club parking lot by batman
florida man lets daughter, 4, tattoo him
florida man falls asleep in his car and gets busted with drugs and a stolen gun
florida man (the teacher) arrested for watching porn in class
florida man caught watching porn while teaching class. student filmed him and shared it to the whole school via snapchat and vine.
florida man dresses up as creepy clown to scare misbehaving children
florida man hosts chinese navy, throws a dragon parade
florida man tries to steal an iphone from a prosecutor....at a courthouse.
young florida man starts early. robs a valet at gunpoint, steals ford mustang, eludes police, crashes, and commits vehicular homicide, all before his 16th birthday.
florida man -- a clown named wrinkles -- runs amok in southwest florida
florida man gets high and decides he wants a manatee skin hoodie
florida man threatens to torture, kill pastor's family unless paid 15000$
florida man florida dj kills wife using traktor controller over vinyl collection
florida man kills wife using traktor controller over vinyl collection
florida man gets beat up by security, arrested, and is tommy hilfiger's son.
florida man gotta get that truck cred
florida man -- and dad -- let his 4-year-old daughter give him a tattoo
florida man accidentally shot in leg at cracker barrel
florida man may be the world's most terrifying clown
police seeking dumper of toxic waste finds florida man red.. er.. blue handed.
florida man arrested for videotaping himself having sex with a puppy
florida man told people he had earned a purple heart for bravery and claimed he was still serving his country as a federal agent in the war on drugs, or deployed on a mysterious special ops assignment
florida man steals and pawns teeth whitening strips, arrested while already in jail
florida man wrecks truck into fire hydrant that creates sink hole, man gets truck out of sink hole and locks keys in truck then kicks out back window and proceeds drives back into sinkhole.
florida man hosts 10 man orgy
florida man home electric chair
florida man uber driver swapped ride for oral sex inside his vehicle
i just like pigs': cops say nude florida man found drinking in barn
florida man pretending to be a cop tried pulling over two detectives, police say
is 'saudi prince' a global version of the 'florida man' meme?
florida man accused of stealing whitening strips, selling them to a local pawn shop
florida man, 83, is gifted a new truck after pushing his lawnmower more than two miles just to get to work
florida man (or woman, who knows) is freaking folks out
florida man turns himself in and demands death penalty for killing his imaginary best friend, mr. happy.
florida man scams old people by telling them to leave their old card under the doormat for the bank to pickup
florida man robs bank and commits home invasion with spatula.
florida man uber driver caught exchanging free ride for blowjob
florida man butt-dialed 911, gets arrested on a warrant
florida man proves e-cig culture is dangerous
florida man flight attendant admits he smuggled cocaine into south florida by hiding it under his uniform
florida man (judge) encourages public defender to a fist fight. the judge won, and still has his job to this day.
florida man attacks dog and owner with machete
florida man attacks employers when confronted about his poor work ethic.
argument with his sister about facebook prompted convicted felon florida man to go grab his gun from the car, he was soon after arrested for possession of a firearm and aggravated assault
florida man who shot theatergoer for texting to invoke 'stand your ground'
florida man huffing dust cleaner knocks out power to winn-dixie
florida man gets arrested for street racing 140 mph in a 45, posts bond, and crashes into a cop car the next day
florida man in coma after e cigarette explodes
florida man to use stand-your-ground defense in fatal movie theater shooting
florida man pan handling for ferrari.
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns self in. takes world's saddest mug shot
mom outraged after florida man driver allegedly tweets photo of son s corpse, writes  i just killed a man 
florida man will use  stand your ground  defense after gunning down moviegoer who threw popcorn at him
florida man files child support claiming a 19 year old women is the father of a 11 year old
mysterious florida man who drills glory holes strikes again in florida
florida man attacked by racoon
hungry florida man steals, butchers horse.
florida man steals boxer shorts, threatens walmart worker with gun
scientologist florida man running to replace presidential candidate florida man in u.s. senate.
florida man has sex with dolphin, says it was like they became one creature making love with itself
florida man does not know how to put on zip up hoodie
florida man, and former doctor, charged with prescribing 1,590 oxycodone pills for a single patient, 30 day supply. once patients were hooked, pills could be purchased directly from his office.
florida man in the lead for getting shot the most by dogs.
florida man thinks he is peter pan
florida man, and former cop, accused of rape, repeatedly calls restaurant where victim works, claiming to be interested in their "online menu".
florida man kidnaps detroit woman, gets shot by her pimp (xpost /r/blackpeopletwitter)
florida man in coma after e-cigarette explodes in his face
florida man gets 2.5 years in prison for $1.2 billion ponzi scheme
florida man is preparing for black friday - starts camping outside 33 days early
florida man camps out for black friday 33 days early
florida man, woman stalked woman for being french
florida man arrested in 'panty raid'
florida man arrested for filming his sexual conquests with unconscious women and making moonshine
florida man kicks universal studios haunted house actor in the face.
breaking news: florida man in coma after e-cig explodes in his face.
bodybuilding florida man and woman charged with animal cruelty after their horses found to be starving.
deputies: florida man karaoke performer attacks dj over sound at bar
florida man dies after fight at stripclub
florida man goes out of character and rescues 'gator instead of having sex with it
florida man charged in black market diesel fuel scheme
sex offender florida man busted driving 14 kids to school
florida man slaughters prized show horse: locals warn against eating the resulting horse meat
florida man, woman grow muscles, starve horses. bonus picture of them in xena the warrior princess costumes included.
woman kidnaps florida man, binds hands and feet, inserts butt plug, and forces him to perform oral sex for 4 hours at a time over 7 days.
florida man: maybe florida is the state of the original lgbt community..... (won't believe this)
florida man caught disguising narcotics as cialis
florida man and florida woman, body builders, face animal cruelty charges for starving 3 horses
florida man mooned, exposed himself to drivers
florida man, who is a cop, pleads guilty to giving 60 gloryholes while pretending to be a woman.
florida man representative introduces bill to allow florida doctors to turn away gay florida men.
florida man has his crocodile dundee style hat stolen off his head
florida man in jail "releases his wrath" on a commissary kiosk because they "had him heated all day"
florida man wants to give satanic invocation at commission meeting
florida man does not fear death.
florida man is going on a weeklong controversial hunting trip to kill 320 of the state's pesky neighborhood bears
florida man riding his bike.
meet my florida man cousin
florida man looking for drugs, accidentally texts sheriff instead of his dealer
florida man arrested with 2,000 amphetamines.. claims they're for erectile dysfunction.
florida man tries on women's clothes in thrift store rampage
florida man gets eaten by alligator.
tifu because i'm florida man.
florida man accused of stealing car from dealership where he worked.
florida man aka 'minion of satan' asks to give invocation at lake county commission meeting.
florida man is running for president...against florida man, florida man, and another florida man
florida man /cop shoots family dog in the head in front of mother and daughter after knocking with no legal reason to be there because the dog came through the door when it was opened.
florida man cop shot a dog who ran outside after knocking on a neighbor's door to inform her that her car door was opened.
florida man allegedly vapes friend's semen.
florida man shot by plain clothed police officer after car breaks down
florida cops shoot and kill deaf florida man for  talking too loud 
florida man causes chaos at wendy's drive thru
florida man strikes and kills teenager, then posts photos of body on twitter.
florida man takes taxi to check his atm balance, then goes in and robs the bank, then flees in taxi he came in...then it gets better.....
hungry florida man stoners rob the hand that feeds them.
florida man misses while trying to shoot wife outside hospital.
florida man says he is creator, owns world
florida man travels to minnesota
florida man report - a facebook page pulling in florida man reports from around the internet. looks like some are from /r/floridaman, some not.
florida man takes a taxi to rob a bank, uses the same taxi as his getaway car.
florida man runs over teen, tweets photo
florida man building 24-foot lawn toilet
florida man doesn't want his son to see him using drugs, leaves child in car with no air conditioning, and smokes flakka several feet away on a park bench
florida man shot by plain clothed police office purchased gun 3 days before and it was recovered at the scene.
florida man family angry after daughter sent home from school in underwear
florida man posing as cop arrested by real cop, police say
florida man getting circlejerked be /r/subredditsimulator's ai. florida man uses stolen credit card in order to finish pizza.
florida man goes zombie hunting (x-post from /r/toosoon)
florida man gets dui for obstructing traffic with his motorized wheelchair
florida man attacked victim with hot sauce in fight over graham crackers
florida man was arrested after he admitted to videotaping a teen in a bathroom stall
florida man crashes while driving in reverse after purse snatching.
florida man jailed for beating dogs with a sledgehammer.
florida man and girlfriend steal jewelry from an art gallery after leaving their name and number in the guestbook
florida man arrested for pulling over real officer
florida man forgets to crush up pill before giving fiance  a drug laced milk-shake.
caught florida man driving in keys yesterday. bike rack or bear rack..
florida man threatens to shoot bb gun at middle school students
florida man and woman stole 2,000 quarters from a change machine, then did their laundry
florida man shoots con-goers dressed at zombies at zombiecon.
florida man impersonating a cop pulls over a real police officer, gets arrested
florida man blames his dog for high-speed car chase
cops: standoff with florida man and woman prolonged for sex
florida man and florida woman prolong police standoff for sex *one last time* "
florida man and goateed wife arrested for elder abuse
florida man, convicted drug kingpin insists that he is "the prophet elias" at sentencing and blames "dark magic witchery"
florida man arrested after pulling over a real cop dressed as a fake cop
florida man pretending to be cop pulls over real cop
florida man arrested for smashing hospital emergency room doors and fighting security guards while high on flakka
florida man knocks out another florida man with a bottle of hot sauce over graham crackers
fake cop arrested for pulling over real officer, please don't be a florida man, please...
florida woman, who told police she preferred sex to surrender was arrested thursday after she and a man she was with refused to come out of a mobile home on jacksonville s westside.
florida man knocks patron unconscious with bottle of hot sauce after argument over graham crackers
naked florida man killed by police after allegedly eating part of teen's face
florida man arrested at mcdonald's for throwing ketchup packets
florida man gets high on flakka, destroys hospital doors, police say
florida man (sheriff) who got his tank taken away says obama doesn't care about cops [x-post r/news]
florida man does an ama
florida man hit two dogs with sledgehammer to try to euthanize them for girlfriend: police
florida man and woman have been arrested after officials say they prolonged a standoff with police in order to have sex.
florida man tries to help his mom, winds up fighting an alligator.
florida man and woman prolong police standoff to have sex "one last time"
florida man and women in police standoff refuse to give turn themselves in until they have sex, florida cops wait patiently.
florida man and women in police standoff refuse to turn themselves in until they have sex, florida cops wait patiently.
florida man, woman have sex 'one last time' before arrest
florida man with rare condition raising money to amputate his size 16 foot.
florida man and women  make love one last time  instead of surrender   cause police standoff
florida man - facebook bully edition
florida man admits to being florida s  biggest snitch  - has testified in 23 cases in 2 years
florida man and woman hold off police capture for one last round of sex.
florida man displays porn out in the open
florida man sexually assaults puppy, records it and sends the video to his girlfriend
florida man posing as police officer pulls over real police officer.
florida man arrested for possession of powdered sugar
florida man steals laptop, sells it on craigslist back to owner and cops, and attempts to flee by diving into a canal.
florida man couldn't pay debt, so he tried to kill friend with an ax instead
florida man building 24-foot tall potty chair in front yard
bearded florida woman and man arrested for abusing elderly parent (story in comments)
florida man arrested for sexual encounter with puppy.
florida man arrested for pelting manager with condiments.
florida man arrested for hurling mcdonald's condiments
florida man arrested for returning used enemas for refund
florida man: detective was drunk at madd conference
florida man goes alligator hunting, gets bitten on leg, seals up wound using duct tape, says he can't wait for the next hunt.
florida man arrested for identity theft after using impossible birthdate.
florida man creates facebook page to share florida man posts.
not florida man. i originally read "naked woman high on spice destroys subway", when i clicked on the link, i was disappointed to find that this truly floridaish story took place in alaska!
florida man sentenced to 885 years in prison for possessing 'massive amounts of child pornography'
florida man sentenced to 885 years in prison on child porn charges
florida man wants to legalize marijuana, and probably will, with your help.
florida man charged with dui while driving motorized wheelchair
florida man gets dui on motorized wheelchair
florida man charged with dui in his motorized wheelchair
florida man arrested for stealing nearly $100,000 from elderly hurricane sandy victim
florida man gets shot by his son, florida teen
florida man wanted for bludgening 2 dogs with sledgehammer
florida man arrested for animal torture and selling animals for black magic and sacrificial purposes.
florida man and wife arrested for elder abuse
florida man chocked, stabbed daughter with hairbrush.
florida man tries to frame imaginary dog for his crimes
florida man builds 24 ft backyard potty chair, gets smelly reviews from his neighbors
florida man gets 885 years in prison for child porn
florida man bitten by 12-foot alligator he was hunting
florida man loses arm in wood chipper
florida man (off-duty officer) leaves loaded gun in winter park movie theater bathroom
a florida man, on probation for car theft, has been arrested after court documents relating to that car theft were found in a second stolen car. he drove to the police station in another stolen car.
a florida man, on probation for car theft, has been arrested after court documents relating to that car theft were found in a second stolen car. he drove to the police station in yet another stolen car when police asked him to pick up the documents.
florida man is building a 24-foot lawn toilet, neighbors hate it
florida man arrested for hurling mcdonald's continents.
florida man gets dui while driving a motorized wheelchair
florida man leads cops on drunken high speed chase, ends in man scapegoating dog. states: "my dog was driving that car, i ran cause i wanted to."
florida man police officer drunk at madd meeting
florida man claims dog was driving after dui arrest.
florida man and goateed wife accused of abusing elder
my dog was driving': florida man dui suspect tells cops during arrest
florida man allegedly claims driving dog led police on high speed chase
florida man knows how to promote islam
florida man quarterback defies authorities, uses unsanctioned enhancements to help win football games
florida man parks his dump truck on train tracks
florida man sentenced to nearly 900 years in prison for child porn
florida man sentenced to 885 years in jail
florida man arrested wearing "i do dumb things" shirt.
florida man shoots side of building after winning homecoming game
florida man lights himself on fire for facebook
florida man kills neighbor with machete after dog poop left in yard, shot by cops
florida man too fat for jail
florida man charged with selling heroin with his child in the car
florida man on life support after dousing himself in alcohol, lighting match for  facebook fire challenge 
florida man arrested for masterbating to cheerleaders in front of school, blames racism.
florida man selling $1.2m home for $285 and a 300-word essay
homeless florida man brings a human skull into a grocery store
police investigate after florida homeless man brings human skull into grocery store
florida man harasses publix customers with real human skull 'puppet'
police investigate after florida man brings human skull into grocery store
florida homeless man brings human skull into grocery store and uses it as a puppet
florida man brings human skull into grocery store and uses it as a puppet
florida man blames dog for leading cops on high-speed chase
florida man knocked unconscious by hot sauce bottle in fight over graham crackers.
florida man in high speed chase claims his dog was driving
florida man charged in job scam; stole identities &amp; urine
florida man (boy) tweets: "1 million re tweets and i'll blow up the school!", because he had strep throat.
homeless florida man brings skull to grocery store - ny daily news
florida man running for senate has a fun quirk
florida man and friend arrested after fight over woman when one gets naked and follows woman to bathroom
florida man brings human skull into publix
florida man plays with human skull outside of publix
florida man gets pulled over for dui, insists that he wasn't driving - 'my dog was driving the car'
florida man gets featured by the vlogbrothers
florida man: nah man, i wasn't under the influence - that was my dog driving
meet the goat blood-drinking senate candidate calling for civil war. spoiler alert: it's florida man
why florida man exists
florida man &amp; woman hide sinkhole with cheap cosmetic repairs then sell the house without disclosing the sinkhole...now facing 20 years in prison
florida man brings human skull to publix
florida homeless man brings skull into publix
florida man finds grenade in car while investigating crash, closes highway in both directions
florida man dubbed "the hello kitty rapist" sentenced to life in prison
florida man brings human skull to publix
wakulla county, florida man freaks out over muslims praying on the beach
florida man is losing his license over escaped snake
florida man libertarian senate candidate admits to sacrificing goat and drinking its blood
florida man mistakes toy grenade for a real one, shuts down interstate for over an hour
florida man steals $3000 worth of weave
florida man tells cops "my dog was driving the car."
florida man signs dick (x-post r/funny)
florida man hypnotized students which resulted in 3 deaths
florida man finds human skull, brings it to grocery store and uses it as a puppet
a florida man (principle) gives $600,000 to families after killing their teens through hypnosis
florida man hypnotizes students, results in 3 deaths
florida man, single father, starts hair school for other dads
naked florida man goes on burglary, vandalism rampage, plots next move in jacuzzi.
florida man and florida women supporting trump's lead (x-post r/politics)
florida man and unlicensed hypnotherapist practices on 3 patients, they all commit suicide.
students die after being hypnotized by florida man.
florida man brings human skull to publix - uses it as a puppet
already facing car theft charges florida man drives stolen car to police station
florida man set up fake job interviews, collected urine samples, police say
florida man hypnotizes children to death?
florida man brings skull into public, uses it as a puppet.
florida homeless man reported dead body by carrying the skull into a publix and using it as a puppet
florida man reported dead body by carrying the skull into a publix and using it as a puppet
florida man arrested carrying jugs of water for pot farm.
florida man machetes a fellow florida man over dog poop
florida man illustrated
florida man accused of secretly selling mlb pitcher's boat, keeping money
photos: florida man stumps neighbors by covering home in aluminum foil
florida man calls 911 because he's too high; found surrounded by doritos and gold fish
florida man attempting to regrow his foreskin.
florida man charged with stealing baseball player s boat
florida man graduates nursing school takes job at stable to punch horses in the face
florida man hypnotized students and staff members, causing three deaths; board oks settlement over principal who hypnotized students
florida man attempts to break into school with bullwhip and horseshoe. later apprehended by local authorities. no injuries to windows or students reported
florida man assaults wife, with crutches, over incorrect birthday cake purchase.
even in maine, florida man stays true to his roots
updated story: homeless florida man creates amazing artwork on the side of the road&gt;&gt; gofundme
florida man spits out several baggies of cocaine in jail after arrest.
florida man accused of attacking referee
florida man sacrifices goat, drinks blood, then runs for senate against rubio
florida man tarts a mugshot publishing site where you must pay a fee in order to get your picture and details removed. [link]
florida man caught sticking his iphone up the skirt of a shopper tells cops he was taking pictures of cakes for his wife
florida man takes photo, is a racist.
florida man rapes, tortures homeless pregnant woman
florida man has massive easter island statues in his front yard
florida man rapes, tortures homeless pregnant woman in rv
florida man storms field to punch referee in the face - nbc news
florida man covers home in aluminum foil.
florida man drinks bandy, dances on hood of car, and resists arrest.
florida man arrested after high-speed crash off i-75 exit ramp
florida man attempts to pay water bill with cocaine
florida man ups the ante on cinnamon challenge. lights himself on fire and runs down the street. calls it "the fire challenge"
florida man admits that he sacrificed a goat to "the god of wilderness" and drank it's blood.
florida man stumps neighbors by covering home in aluminum foil
florida man disemboweled his girlfriend after she screamed out ex's name during sex
florida man crashes car into house consequently knocking a sleeping florida man out of his bed
florida man breaks into womans home to stand over her while she sleeps.
florida man arrested after stealing and selling major league baseball pitcher bronson arroyo's yacht
florida man sends drug deal texts while speaking with deputy
florida man visits long island, refuses to leave hotel he didn't pay for, slashes two police officers
florida man poisons neighbor's dog with antifreeze
florida man extradited to connecticut for stealing thousands of dollars
teen florida man punches shark to repel it after bite
florida man accused of impersonating doctor - including breast exam and rectal temperature.
florida man injures two cops with "sawzall blade"
florida man sacrifices goat, drinks it's blood. runs for senate
goat blood drinking pagan florida man running for florida senate
florida man (senate candidate) admits to sacrificing goat and consuming the blood
yes, i drank the goat's blood," says florida man, pagan, libertarian, "genius-level" senate candidate
florida man batters peacekeeping movie goer with soda.
florida man shot at mom over chores - no kittens were harmed in the making of this story
why, florida man, why?
florida man moves to rhode island.
florida man sacrifices goat, drinks blood, runs for senate
puppy kills florida man.
florida man gets shot by puppy.
florida man monkey escapes home, eats mail.
florida man files patent to protect his huge balls
florida man deputizes florida boy to defend against zombie attacks.
14 year old florida man bitten by shark while surfing, reacts by punching it.
florida (proto) man commits a federal offense
florida man runs for us senate: admits animal sacrifice, denies goat dismemberment
florida man wanted girlfriend arrested for letting cat eat his bacon
a hilarious breakdown of florida man: the movie, a documentary highlighting the craziest "florida men"
florida man charged with the theft of 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man goes hands-free to text while driving his motorcycle during high speed pursuit [video]
florida man demands pants, robbery victim runs in underwear
florida man files patent to let everyone know he has giant balls
police: florida man urinated in gas station cup, stole earbuds
florida man encourages sorcery, maybe dismembers goat in ritual sacrifice, runs for u.s. senate
florida man doesn t cry over spilled milk. or orange juice. tears may have been shed, however, during his arrest.
florida man's mom asks him to do some chores. so florida man abuses her cat and tries to shoot her.
florida man throws "deadly' pee pee at the popo
florida man splits car in two
florida man faces charges after nearly 100 guns stolen from house, say police
warning shot keeps florida man in prison
florida man patents device to keep your balls out of the toilet
florida man survives  horrific  crash that sliced his car in half
florida man news anchor gets bit on air by python
florida man tries to make 'shawshank' escape hole in jail cell
florida man and woman mugshots (x-post from /r/thesquadonpoint)
florida man fakes his own death to get out of a bar fight
florida man thinks its hilarious to post vines of himself punching his dog
florida man invokes florida's "stand your ground" law in defense of dog that bid ear off of 4-year old florida boy
florida man invokes florida's "stand your ground" law in defense of dog that bit ear off of 4-year old florida boy
florida man and florida woman planning "wedding crashers" themed wedding, send out mass invite for literally anyone to show up.
florida man survives crash where car gets split in two
florida man breaks guinness world records record for largest fossilized poop collection
florida man survives crash that split his car in two.
florida man breaks into car and leaves id card.
homeless florida man raises $40 to purchase art supplies and begins making amazing roadside masterpieces
florida man survives crash in which sports car splits in two
florida man to display the world's largest fossilized poop collection in a museum
florida man impersonates doctor, touches woman's breasts, and attempts to stick a rectal thermometer in her anus during a "job interview"
florida man ups driver who urinated in truck arrested after removing drug sting camera
florida man disembowels girlfriend after screaming her ex's name during drunken sex.
florida man charged with stealing 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man attacks girlfriend for reading her ex-boyfriend's obituary
florida man arrested for illegally obtaining more than 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man attempts to circumcise 21 month old nephew used a  large kitchen butcher knife 
florida man blasts profane music at toddler (x-post from r/newsofthestupid)
florida man actually monkey, eats mail and pole dances
florida man george zimmerman retweets picture of trayvon martin's dead body.
florida man bites off police officers finger in miami
florida man lawmakers to live on minimum wage for a week
florida man has been arrested for allegedly throwing a liter of urine at a cop's mouth and eyes
florida man arested after battling minnesota man with a pitchfork
florida man blasts profane music at toddler
florida man pulled over for drinking and driving with a baby in his car.
florida man charged with dui with infant in vehicle
honorary florida man?
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she calls out ex-husband s name during sex
florida man shot by florida puppy
florida man swallow 148 pellets of cocaine, weighing nearly three pounds
florida man arrested fleeing when he stopped to pet a cat.
florida man arrested after fleeing because he stopped to pet a cat.
florida man tries robbing unsuspecting teen, gets beat with a tire iron.
florida man steals 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man is facing felony rap for spoon theft. suspect said $1.12 utensil needed to "eat his captain crunch with"
florida man attempts bigamy. is discovered when first wife hears the announcement during church service.
florida man incites starts brawl in grocery store over chicken wings
florida man disembowels girlfriend during sex. florida aunt describes him as "a very nice boy."
florida man fraternity president arrested after setting unpermitted alligator hide to dry behind frat house
florida man sexually assaults blind 93-year-old woman
florida man charged with fraud after $500,000 citrus fruit theft
florida man steals 4 million pounds of oranges. no one knows why or what happened to the oranges.
florida man beats mentally disabled son with "stupid stick"
florida man pilot on plane running out of fuel and crashing, "i just ran out of fuel" .
while still married florida man weds again, forgets to change churches. first wife had him arrested.
florida man has a tequila-fueled "disagreement" with his girlfriend after being called ex-husband's name during sex.
florida woman goes to church, finds out her florida man husband is newly married
publix brawl started over chicken wings by slur hurling florida man
florida man arrested for stealing 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man charged with fraud, theft of 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man too cheap to pay for citrus fruit, steals 4 million lbs of it instead.
florida man man charged with fraud, theft of 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man arrested for theft of 4 million pounds of citrus.
florida man bitten by pet viper
florida man is first person to have sex with a dolphin
central florida man bitten by pet viper
florida man accused of stealing 4 million pounds of citrus
florida man tries to shoot puppy; gets shot by the puppy
florida man fights in grocery store
vigilant florida man stands up for employee being badgered over publix fried chicken
florida man keeps vienna sausages in pants
florida man and publix deli worker fight over some fried chicken
florida man arrested after pawning amp stolen from pawn shop.
florida man starts all out brawl in publix during a dispute over a chicken dinner
florida man goes nuts while being arrested for dui
florida man (police officer of the year 2011) busted with possession of child pornography.
florida man tries to sell meth at walmart
florida man throws bottle of pee at cop, who calls it a deadly weapon
florida man channels his inner village people while robbing convenience store
florida man goes into road rage, shoots self in leg
florida (wo)man teacher strapped on a dildo to teach sex ed to 6th graders
florida man leaves children in running car to attend country concert.
florida man (formerly pei man) rescues schoolchildren from bus that was half submerged in alligator infested lake
temple terrace police still investigating publix brawl seen in online video -- florida men involveman arrested, police still searching for man and woman
temple terrace police still investigating publix brawl seen in online video -- florida man arrested, police still searching for man and woman
florida man,71, gets bitten by his pet gaboon viper
florida man catches florida woman punching him in the testicles on camera http://wncn.com/2015/09/22/man-catches-wife-punching-him-in-testicles-on-camera/
florida man uses gopro to prove wife's domestic abuse
deputy kills florida man pointing stapler during standoff
florida man attacks bar bouncers with machete
florida man disembowels girlfriend for saying exe's name during sex
florida man (who is a cop) shoots, kills man pointing stapler at him
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she yells out ex's name during sex
florida man posts snapchat video of his passenger pointing a gun at st. lucie county sheriff vehicle
florida man plays with water moccasin, is not as invincible as he thought.
florida man brandishes stapler, killed by deputy
florida man disembowels woman 'after she said wrong name during sex'
florida man burns child for wetting bed
florida man, winner of "officer of the year," arrested on child porn charges
florida man, once named police officer of the year, arrested on child porn charges.
florida man burns 15 pairs florida woman's shoes after posting nude photos on facebook.
florida man disembowels girlfriend for calling out ex's name during sex.
florida man disemboweled girlfriend in tequila-fueled rage
florida man disembowels girlfriend through her vagina
florida man breaks into bar and defecates on the floor.
florida man disemboweled girlfriend after she cried out ex s name during sex
florida man sledgehammers someone's car because he didn't give him free beer
florida man attempts to rob store in surgical mask, is "only kidding" and walks away in middle of robbery
florida man puts crack cocaine on his chicken sandwich
florida man kills his girlfriend after she utters her ex-husband s name while the two were having sex in a closet
puppy shoots florida man in self-defense
florida man disembowels and murders girlfriend in drunken rage
what's for lunch? crack cocaine on a chicken sandwich for this 24-year-old florida man
florida man drives stolen car to meet probation officer
90 year old florida man arrested for feeding the homeless
florida man disembowels girlfriend after sex.
florida man rips out girlfriend's organs after she screams her ex-husband's name during sex
florida man charged with murder after disemboweling girlfriend because she uttered her ex-husband's name during sex.
florida man keeps hacking the road sign on bumby avenue
florida man reaches inside woman and disembowels her for uttering ex s name during sex
florida man shoots at deputies, is killed; pregnant woman wounded
florida man charged with first degree murder after ripping out girlfriends intestines
florida man rips out girlfriend's intestines through vagina after she drunkenly yells ex's name during sex
florida man attacks girlfriend for reading her ex's obituary.
florida man makes us cry
florida man reaches inside woman and disemboweled her for under an ex's name during sex!!!!!!!
florida man goes to wyndham grand jupiter at harbourside place on oct 1st!
florida man disembowels his girlfriend after she calls out ex's name during sex
florida man rips out his girlfriends guts after she screams her ex's name during sex.
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she says ex s name during sex, cops say
florida: man brings stapler to a gun fight with a cop, draws fire, loses
florida man brings stapler to a gun fight with a cop, draws fire, loses
florida man doesn't understand locks
florida man allegedly fakes 911 call to evade speeding ticket
florida man reportedly shoots at landscapers for getting grass on his car
florida man brutally murders girlfriend for screaming another man's name during sex
florida man uses waist-mounted gopro camera to record wife  intentionally striking him in the testicles. 
inside the mind of florida man - in  florida man,  a succession of aimless drifters talk to to the camera about boozing, fighting, getting laid, what life really means, and just how cool florida is.
florida man man charged with strangling girlfriend because she was looking at an ex-boyfriend's obituary
florida man reaches inside gf, rips out bowels after she calls him by ex s name during sex!
florida man accused of murdering and mutilating girlfriend because she called out ex's name during sex
florida man attemts to shoot landscaper over grass clippings, is then taken to a far away hospital due to previous threats he made.
woman screams ex-husband's name during sex. florida man fists and beer-bottles her to death.
florida man disembowels girlfriend after she calls out ex-husband s name during sex
florida man kills girlfriend while having rough sex, reaches up her vagina and rips out her intestines
florida man looking for pot texts the worst number humanly possible (it's the captain of the narcotics squad)
florida man has foreskin ripped off by grinding too hard at show.
florida man visits probation officer in stolen car with a gun
florida man arrested for allegedly crawling under tables to sniff women's feet
florida man arrested for fight with girlfriend over doritos.
puppy shoots florida man
florida man pulls gun on landscapers over grass clippings
florida man banned from disneyland
road raging florida man points gun at a mom and her son, ends up accidentally shooting himself
florida man uses numbers found in fortune cookie to win $10m lottery
florida man goes on 140 mph chase because "florida cops don't chase people"
florida man finally knows himself after 11 years of amnesia.
florida man convicted of making terroristic threats against iron
florida man arrested for crawling under library tables and smelling a woman's feet at florida international university.
florida man banned from disney over joke
91-year-old florida man charged with attempted murder, was enraged over grass clippings being blown onto his vehicle by landscaper
florida man shoots someone because his crack dealer told him to
florida man found with 2 kilos of cocaine in his lamborghini tells police he is ashton kutcher.
florida man wearing gopro records testicle attack.
road raging florida man points gun at mother and son, accidently shoots himself in the leg.
florida man pooping suspect caught brown-handed.
florida man says 'meth lab' joke resulted in his family being banned from all disney properties
report: 91-year-old florida man shot at landscapers over grass clippings
a florida man lost his 8-foot king cobra and officials have called off the search, but they didn't find it
florida man, 91, accused of shooting at landscapers for getting grass on his car
lame dad joke gets florida man banned from disney world for life
florida man texts narcotics officer for drugs
florida man is arrested in college library foot-sniffing case
florida man in his underwear drops to his knees, tells cops:  this is all love. it s happening now. 
florida man stabs himself, drives through home in suicide attempt
florida man banned from disney property after making meth lab joke.
florida man draws gun while road raging; accidentally shoots self
florida man shoots himself, crashes in road rage incident.
florida man steals suv from same car lot he visited the day before and left his personal information
instead of saying yes to twerking satanist, florida man drops invocations at city commission altogether.
florida man fires gun, bites officer, and flees on stolen tractor.
florida man crashes school bus crashes into pond, rescue workers have accounted for all the children on the bus.
florida man crashes student-filled school bus into pond
florida man arrested for sniffing feet. (x-post from /r/nottheonion)
florida man arrested after fighting with his girlfriend over doritos
florida man hopes selling guns with christian engravings will keep the guns out of muslim hands
florida man who sniffed feet under library tables sought by police
florida man arrested after complaints he was sniffing feet in a library
florida man, arrives at probation with a loaded gun, in a stolen car.
florida man punches roommate and pulls a gun over a slushie.
florida man caught with pants down after burglarizing, defecating in bar
florida man wins from 10mil lottery from lucky fortune cookie numbers
foot fetishist florida man accused of sniffing co-ed's feet at fiu campus library.
unmasking a troll: how did this 20-year-old florida man convince the world he was an aussie jihadist?
florida man makes pot legal
florida man wanted to buy weed and cocaine, mistakenly texts narcotics captain
florida man says stabbing couple who smoked weed on his property was about self defense
there are bare tails and there are bare tales. florida man sports both
florida man with foot fetish terrorizes university library
florida (congress) man mistakes u.s. officials for indian ones during a house hearing
florida man arrested after man after an armed robbery involving a machete, gun and baseball bat
florida man kills somebody over a fender-bender!
florida man films his own car crash with selfie stick
florida man tries to blow up ex-wife
florida man escapes prison, gets caught, attempts escape again... with toothpaste
scooter-riding florida man caught crawling under tables to sniff college women s feet
florida man drives stolen car through two fences and into florida woman's backyard pool then flees
florida man detained after police catch him sniffing womens feet under library tables at florida international university
florida man, a gun shop owner, offers 9/11  muslim  discount
florida man inadvertently texts martin county sheriff's office narcotics captain looking to buy and sell drugs
florida man trying to buy weed accidentally texts narcotics captain
florida man tries to rob store, police hope to identify him by his ass crack apparently
florida man banana hammock - downtown st pete
florida man bananna hammock - downtown st pete
florida man must really like burger king, wont stop masturbating in lobby.
meet the florida man who accidentally texted a narc looking for drugs
drunk driving florida man gets into fight with girlfriend and accidentally rear ends deputy.
florida man badly beat his girlfriend and threatened to cut her head off with a samurai sword attacked two officers who arrested him
florida man crashes into van then decides to shoot the victim
81-year-old florida man arrested for allegedly punching woman at local church
drunk florida man fights with girlfriend over doritos
florida man lays on floor underneath university library tables and smells women's feet
florida man arrested after mistakenly texting captain of narcotics unit asking for drugs.
florida man previously arrested thirteen times for impersonating law enforcement is arrested for the fourteenth time
florida man threatens teacher with gun at football game
florida man arrested for impersonating a police officer...for the 14th time
50 year old florida man has lived as peter pan since 8 years old.
florida woman beats man with frying pan
drunk florida man kicked out of one bar, swims to another, gets arrested
florida man masturbates in burger king
florida man has many alter egos, including isis terrorist, jewish lawyer, white supremacist, and gamergater (gator?)
florida man stabs himself and runs into strangers house at 60mph.
florida man mistakenly texts narcotics captain to sell drugs, gets arrested
florida man stabs himself, crashes car through stranger's home
florida man tailed by cops for playing policeman arrested when he pulls over to play cop once again
florida man tried to use animal tranquilizer to kidnap a woman who refused to go to lunch with him
florida man sells drugs to narcotics police captain via text.
florida man accused of bomb plot at 9/11 event, fbi says
florida man charged with dui on golf cart, tells police he is "... fine but not fine."
florida man arrested in plot to bomb 9/11 memorial event
florida man charged in plot to bomb 9/11 memorial event in kansas city
florida man plotted to carry out 9/11 memorial bombing in kansas city, mo.: fbi
florida man gets into fight, jumps into waterway, swims to a new bar, gets arrested
florida man plotted sept. 11 attack in kansas city, fbi says
florida woman charged with heading man with a frying pan, tying him up in apartment
florida man says that angels told him to vandalize neighbors' homes and cars
florida man apologizes for referring to some critics of port canaveral as "luddites"
fbi says 'australian is jihadist' is actually florida man
florida man charged in plot to bomb 9/11 memorial...
florida man accused of bomb plot at 9/11 memorial, fbi says
florida man dressed as power ranger charged with pointing fake gun in tampa
florida man charged in plot to bomb sept. 11 memorial in missouri
florida man in power ranger garb arrested for allegedly pointing gun at pool
florida man charged in plot to bomb sept. 11 memorial in missouri
florida man arrested for impromptu anatomy lesson at school bus stop.
florida man dressed as power ranger charged with pointing fake gun
florida man posts false threat on yik yak, turns self in
florida man offers 9/11 gun special with the coupon code "muslim"
florida man steals dennis the menace from california.
florida man arrested for burglarizing home; claims he was invited in for gatorade
florida man and florida woman arrested for running sex tourism business
florida man attempts to kidnap co-worker using animal tranquilizer, duct tape, zip ties, and a gun.
florida man shoots and kills intruder who turns out to be his dad
florida man tries to plant gun, drugs in rival students car as revenge
florida man robs store, then passes out from heat exhaustion hiding in an industrial dryer.
florida man throws soapy water at florida woman, who douses florida man with hot chocolate. florida police officer arrests both.
florida man throws soapy water, florida woman throws hot chocolate and they lived happily ever after   in court
florida man arrested for having sex with an alligator
florida man arrested after knocking around and damaging 18 cars in a parking garage, attempting to flee the scene
florida man found passed out in kfc drive-thru after huffing canned air
florida man arrested for masturbating in a burger king.
florida man loses bong and bomb squad retrieves it for him
florida man arrested for battery after an argument with his girlfriend over doritos
florida man dressed as power ranger threatens man at public pool with a fake gun
florida man arrested in connection with kansas city bomb plot at a 9/11 event
florida man arrested wearing red mighty morphing power ranger outfit and weilding two toy guns at a pool.
florida man arrested in alleged kansas city 9/11 memorial bomb plot
florida man accused of trying to set bomb off at kansas city 9/11 memorial
fbi arrests florida man for allegedly urging attack with rat poison bomb
florida man shoots his gun at a bar because he 'didn't feel safe' with it loaded
florida man kills masked intruder who turns out to be his dad
florida man severely injured after ecigarette blows up in his face
florida man teen kills intruder wearing tactical gear, discovers it's his estranged father
florida man beats 20-year-old mafia drug extradition case
masked florida man shot in home invasion by his own son
florida teen shot and killed a man holding a gun to his mothers head. the man turned out to be his estranged father.
florida man shot and killed a man holding a gun to his mothers head. the man turned out to be his estranged father.
florida man found nude and bleeding in dog kennel
florida man found with synthetic urine and unprescribed medications
florida man "described as very intoxicated" was arrested in martin county after throwing his bike and jumping into a river to swim from one waterfront bar to another
florida man arrested after knocking around, damaging 18 cars in a parking garage
florida man doesn't need you puny roads.
florida woman charged with trying to hire a hitman to kill a homeless man who she said was giving her grandkids lice
florida woman charged with trying to hire a hitman to kill a homeless man who she said was giving her grandkids lice (xpost /r/floridawoman)
ejected from bar, florida man jumps in water, taunts bar patrons, swims to another bar
ejected from bar, florida man jumps in water, taunts bar patrons, swims to another bar
appliance direct florida man is terrifying..
florida (zimmer)man sells confederate flags and teams up with 'muslim-free' gun shop.
florida man is selling a christian assault rifle
florida man arrested for "having it his way" and masturbating at burger king.
after being shot at 6 times, florida man drives himself to the hospital. leaving florida kid behind.
florida man loves cats
florida seniors learn cane-fu as defense [x-post /r/ florida man]
florida man begs to be hit by taser, flings coca-cola can at officers
the title of this florida man post confused the hell out of me until i saw what subreddit it was submitted to.
florida man accused of lying about kidney transplant to get imaginary girlfriend away from lifeguards, gets in nude beach blow job jet ski fight.
florida man burglarizes college football team's bus
florida man has racial slur burned into lawn, says; "i'm not happy about it"
florida man never misses an opportunity to flip of the cops
florida man' these guys can take a bit of poking fun..
police say [florida] man with no hands and no legs is armed and on the run
jimmy john's sandwich leads to capture of florida man who stole a flute and a piccolo
even florida man can't stand donald trump
florida man refuses to serve police officers at arbys.
family of florida man who killed a deputy requests his suicide bullet and bloody clothes from that night...you know, for sentimental reasons
florida man accused of threatening to 'kill all white people'
florida man arrested after pointing toy gun at deputy
florida man looses his king cobra
ooops... florida man loses non-native, venomous, 8ft king cobra snake
florida man secures life in prison by trying to avoid life in prison
florida man blinded marion sheriff's pilot with hair growth laser comb
florida man makes 'anti-terrorist' assault rifle called the crusader
i made a florida man headline generator a while ago. suggested scenarios welcome!
florida man loses job as deputy after planting evidence, laughing maniacally
florida man casually loses 8ft long pet king cobra in orlando
florida man gets busy in a burger king bathroom (with himself).
florida man gets busy in a burger king bathroom (qith himself), story in comments.
florida man collapses and dies after roach eating contest
florida man blinds helicopter pilot with hair comb
florida man loses king cobra
florida man caught stealing bikes and riding the bus to pawn shops to unload them. after getting away with it for a year or more.
florida man tries to drive car off of tow truck
florida man takes picture with baby and gets pooped on - on camera
florida man does a backflip in a cop car after he's arrested for stealing art
florida man breaks into high school to call grandmother
florida man also known as "mr. worldwide" named ambassador for florida tourism
florida man pays for girl's manicure, demands sex.
florida man captured some dreamy video of the rocket launch this morning
florida man steals $85,000 of shredded cheese
florida man and wife leave baby unattended in bathtub
florida man doesn't want his car towed. pretty much wrecks it himself and runs off when he realizes the police are on their way.
florida man gets arrested, says he s kris kringle
florida man poses as uber driver, attempts kidnapping
florida man posing as uber driver arrested in kidnapping attempt
a florida man was sentenced to 2 1/2 years for having sex on the beach.
florida man refuses to serve food at arby's
florida man creates 'tactical crusader' rifle with bible verse: 'blessed be the lord my rock, who trains my hands for war, my fingers for battle' laser etched on magazine
florida man attempts to woo wwe wrestler and ends up shot by police
a florida man has been ordered to pay $30,000 for sharing a copy of the manny pacquiao documentary "manny" via bittorrent.
florida man goes on a hunger strike because the man told him to take down a sign
dead florida man caught dangling his legs in the air
florida man to cops:  i spend my money on those bad drugs 
florida man is facing charges after authorities say he passed out in his car at a central florida kfc drive-thru.
florida man gets stuck in a vent while attempting to burglarize a gas station, dies
florida man allegedly exposes himself at winn-dixie
florida man forgets his leash
florida man took off his clothes and went outside  because he was hot,  after using drugs. witnesses said he repeatedly touched himself inappropriately while looking directly at them.
florida man wins "stupid patent of the month" award from ars technica
florida man bsessed 'stalker' infatuated with female wrestler is shot by police outside wwe facility 'for charging at officers with a knife.'
florida man shot at wwe performance center had shown up in a wrestling outfit swinging a giant chain and spread urine and feces on the building before.
florida man who robbed store at gunpoint was found passed out in a lawn chair surrounded by stolen goods and drugs.
i thought florida man was exaggerated...until i actually visited florida.
florida man accused of unnecessarily pulling kids  teeth in scam:  medicaid paid him per tooth 
vodka chugging florida man to cops: 'i spend my money on those bad drugs'
florida man restaurant owner calls off hunger strike; can display menu, hours
florida man passes out at kfc drive-thru; wakes up, drives off with officer hanging out of car
florida man breaks into car and prwtwnda to be asleep when caught.
florida man arrested after passing out after huffing compressed air in a kfc drive thru.
florida man arrested after breaking into car and pretending to be asleep.
naked florida man reported running around, covering self with palm fronds at church
florida man (and two associates) lose their legal careers in a botched attempt to preserve the good name of bubba the love sponge.
florida man (and his woman) left 3-month-old baby on sidewalk so they could drink in bar
florida man decided to go swimming in neighbor's pool, he forgot to get out of his car first.
florida man is rear ended by officer and then charged with dui, marijuana possession, and refusing dui blood test.
florida man steals old lady's purse, escapes on motorized scooter.
florida man with blood alcohol level of .41 (.08 is the legal limit), drives wrong way on highway.
florida man charged with raping 2 young children in oswego county
florida man pretended to be officer to get unprotected sex
florida man and florida women get married underwater with jesus
nude florida man gives motorists  thumbs up  on major roadway
police arrest florida man following unprovoked potato salad attack on his mother
florida man declares state of emergency for entire state over tropical storm that hasn't arrived yet.
florida man charged with dui after being rear-ended by deputy
florida man tries to escape getting towed, fails miserably
florida man swatted as thousands watch
florida man tries tow truck tug-of-war to free suv
florida man in suv tries to escape tow truck, fails spectacularly
naked florida man gives motorists the thumbs up.
florida man saves motel occupants from toxic gas in rooms
florida man carjacks someone with a bb gun so he can't be charged with armed robbery
florida man robs k-mart and runs over security card then his car catches fire when he hits a mattress.
florida man who played star spangled banner on 4th of july has charges dropped
florida man impersonated a police office to coerce a prostitute into having unprotected sex.
florida man locked inside la fitness
florida man forgets how to speak english when he has to go to court a second time
florida man accused of stuffing ps4 down pants
florida man kills roommate with hot frying pan.
two florida man (brothers) killed by gunshot at one of the brothers' mansion on smoken gun lane
florida man shot and killed by police on smoken gun lane.
florida man ice cream truck driver arrested for not reporting himself as a registered sex offender - fl woman ice cream truck driver arrested for meth
florida man is caught stealing confederate flag after posting video to youtube.
florida man is arrested for stealing confederate flag after video is posted to youtube.
florida man pretends to kidnap girlfriend so she does not have to go back to work.
ex-con florida man gives cops fake name that turns up arrest warrant
this florida man tried to sell coke to an undercover officer at his parents restaurant. i also went to middle school with him
florida man said you will not repo my shit!!
florida man shot by deputies on smoken gun lane
florida man breaks into school so he can call grandma
florida man and woman fake doctors mutilate man's penis with botched enlargement, cops say
florida man falls victim to leprosy after sex with armadillo.
florida man breaks into school, damaging fence, driving golf cart, eating snacks, and breaking computer in attempt to contact his grandmother.
florida man, aged 33, arrested 32 times
keiser university president matt mcenany was suspended from his job on monday after florida cops said he was beaten, robbed and carjacked while trying to pick up a pair of women for sex [florida man]
have you ever seen a news story that would be perfect for /r/floridaman but it didn't involve florida? there's a sub for that! /r/shittysuperheroes
florida man has heart attack just to get out of mowing the lawn. (x-post pics)
florida man tries to get case of unpaid credit card debt dismissed, ends of arguing with /r/legaladvice (xpost /r/bestoflegaladvice)
florida man gets locked inside l.a. fitness.
florida man stabbed cat after it threw up.
florida man dyed his hair green, stained his skin purple &amp; shit on a church
florida man discovers he's been locked inside la fitness, "documents" experience
florida man deficates on church steps.
florida man takes 16 year old daughter and her friend to strip club, gives them coke and booze, and lets them dance on stage...bail has been set
florida man opening bar to serve alcohol at his gun range
florida man ribs walmart while wearing walmart uniform.
yep, sounds like florida man. (x-post r/subredditsimulator)
florida man shoots coast guard and rams them with his dinghy.
florida man, state attorney who prosecuted casey anthony, used ashley madison from the courthouse
florida man logged into ashley madison account from work--he is the state attorney
florida man does a terrible job covering one direction's newest song "drag me down".
florida man has a heart attack while mowing lawn. these firefighters stayed behind to finish the job. (x-post r/pics)
florida man arrested for....who knows?
florida man robs bank. posts plan and aftermath on 4chan. (xpost /r/4chan)
florida man strokes the pussy, goes to jail.
florida man blames satan, spells for broward murder, carjackings
florida man gets caught by police because he was distracted by cats
florida man tries to steal a ps4 by stuffing in his pants
officers say florida man cursed at the people offering him a bathroom and continued to defecate on the church steps
florida man gives fake name to cops, name turns up arrest warrant...
florida man now serves acohol at gun range
florida man now serves alcohol at gun range
florida man now serving alcohol at gun range
florida man gun range will have restaurant that serves booze
florida man eats 60 year old slice of wedding cake
florida man police: fl women lied about kidnapping to skip work
florida man teens attack teen with machete, have sex by his shallow grave to celebrate.
florida man arrested after allegedly stuffing playstation in his pants
florida man accused of stealing xbox one he found for sale on craigslist
florida man runs through airport security, eats heroin.
florida man stabs his neighbors over $1.65... says "i wanted my money to buy beer."
florida [man] camp counselor licks girl's forehead, faces felony charge
florida man licks girl's forehead at camp, faces felony charge
florida man gets liquor license for his shooting range
florida man charged with bringing a crack pipe into the manatee county judicial center.
florida man has priorities.
florida man shot and killed while teaching girlfriend to shoot rifle
florida man takes selfies on roof of maryland fried chicken, boasts he is 'so messed up right now.'
florida man is currently taunting the polk county sheriff's office on facebook that they can't find him
florida man busted after he gives cops a false name...of another wanted florida man
florida man stabs two over beer money
florida man busted after false name he gives cops is wanted suspect
florida man painted his own name on cop cars.
florida man leaves a woman overdosing in her car.then found days later decomposing.
florida man/woman city commissioners approve combined gun range/bar and grill.
florida man leaves woman overdosing in her car. she is found days later decomposing.
florida man stabs two over $1.65 beer money debt
florida man arrested on sauerkraut assault of girlfriend
florida man can now drink at the gun range
florida man and woman hack florida boy with machette, bury him alive, and have sex on his grave to celebrate
florida man taunts sheriff grady judd, florida man now behind bars
florida man charged with felony for licking 9 year old's forehead.
florida man carjacks cop, kidnaps him, pistol whips him, and leaves him violated after joy ride
florida man punches dominoes pizza guy for forgetting his garlic knots
southwest florida man nicknamed the  hamburglar  arrested, recognized by mcdonald's employees
florida man aka 'hamburgler' caught after returning to the scene of the mccrime.
florida man arrested for punching pillow-eating puppy
florida man swallowed by sinkhole while sleeping, hole re-opens 2 years later
massive sinkhole that swallowed florida man reopens, two years later
throwback] 320 lb florida man lays on top of 60 lb florida boy suffocating him to death
florida man crime ring. woman grabs hello kitty floor mats and runs while florida man punches anyone in the face who says they saw anything
florida man gets stuck in cat door and dies
florida man tries to buy lighter, ends up stealing $400 and a police cruiser before escaping.
gay nazi wizard florida man attacks tattoo parlor with sword and guitar
trayvon martin's killer florida man george zimmerman teams up with 'muslim-free' gun store to sell confederate flag prints
trayvon martin s killer florida man paints confederate flag to praise muslim-banning gun shop owner
florida man removes red light cameras because they worked
florida man teams up with owner of 'muslim-free zone' gun shop to sell confederate flag art
three florida man attorneys facing disbarment for having rival florida man attorney arrested for a dui
florida man, running for president, hits kid in the face with a football
florida man can't baby sit so florida woman boards up the windows and doors to her apartment to keep her 2 year olds in while she goes to a party. she failed
florida man had a good time with the girls and...
black bear runs into florida man and his motorcycle on beartooth highway.
florida man burglarizes mcdonald's, returns to same restaurant days later to chat up employees about it. yada, yada, yada....he gets tased.
florida man abuses relatives, cuts off oxygen tank
florida man has admitted to raping another male
florida man can t remember who shot him or how, another insists on being arrested
florida man calls 911 and asks for a free ride home
doral's pink pony club shut down, father who brought daughter to club arrested florida man
florida man steals two items from a museum, then returns them
florida man run over by his own truck and charged with dui after road-rage incident
florida man sentenced to 2  years in prison for having sex on the beach
florida man beats family dog to death
florida man police union smears woman who posted video of police beating on facebook
florida man complying with police while being brutalized on camera, charged with battery on law enforcement
four florida man/teens arrested in carjacking, kidnapping of federal agent florida man/teen
florida man murders mom then throws party with body in the house
nsfw] florida man raps a love song.
florida man walks naked along street
florida man arrested after taking his 16-year-old daughter to a strip club and letting her snort cocaine, smoke cannabis, and drink alcohol
florida man (teen) chased by cops whilst on shrooms
florida man officiates weddings as 'pirates of the caribbean' capt. jack sparrow
ex-cop (florida man) with kkk ties found working in fl elementary school   and parents are furious
a florida man took his 16-year-old daughter to a strip club and let her snort cocaine
florida man who was 'in the country illegally' tries to chew off fingerprints
florida man hospitalized after repeatedly kissing venomous snake
florida man headbutts bus, knocks himself out
12 year old florida man arrested in armed robbery, groping in jax beach
florida man speeding through school zone, has active meth lab in trunk
florida man changes tire in middle of i-95
a love letter to florida man
florida man brings 16 year old daughter to strip club, lets her snort coke and work the pole.
florida man makes rap video about his beloved florida gators football team
florida man arrested after taking his 16-year-old daughter and her friend to a strip club and letting them dance
florida man drives the wrong way on highway
swat team rescues florida man from tree.
florida man likely to be hit by lightning
florida man complains the cops stole his 91 weed plants, gets arrested for growing 91 weed plants
florida man takes girlfriend to a hotel, then punches her in the face, dumps gasoline on her, then steals her purse and runs away
florida man brings 16 year old daughter and a friend to a strip club in doral, buys them drinks and gives them cocaine.
florida man arrested after taking 16 year old daughter to strip club to do cocaine and dance on stage
florida man and florida woman in port st. lucie arrested for keeping teen sex slave
florida man changes tire in the middle of florida's busiest interstate, i-95.
florida man and florida woman use bible as excuse to keep teenager as sex slave for 5 years
florida man wants to fine you for backing into your driveway
florida man actually isn't a member of seal team 6.
florida man and woman accused of raping orphaned teen for years   and using the bible to justify it
florida man changes tire in middle of i-95 lane
florida man sporting green mess on his head
uber: the florida man of startups?
florida man #tbt
florida man climbs tree, gets stuck (and climbs higher when firefighters arrive)
florida man arrested begging for money while impersonating naval officer/seal
i just moved to florida, man. what should i do?
florida man college president suspended after being carjacked during 'sexual rendezvous'
florida man accused of removing remains from casket at cemetery
florida man goes to deputies to report stolen pot
florida man who complained to deputies about stolen marijuana arrested
florida man loves him some publix subs!
florida man masturbates, urinates near kids' party, police say
florida man bit the tip
florida man is tired of people putting their hands in his face. his solution... finger food!
florida man mauls woman's finger after she wags it in his face
florida man urinated outside of a children s party, tried to get kids into his home and then masturbated at the end of his driveway.
florida man, sadly, not more powerful than a locomotive; now two feet shorter.
florida man tv host storms off set in anger over story about the kardashians: 'i can't take it anymore!'
florida man's florida dog beaten by florida man left note saying "we beat it to death! lol :)"
florida man driving fire truck and florida man driving paramedic truck crash into each other
florida man accused of setting fire to hair extensions with intent to start a wildfire
florida man bit off tip of woman's middle finger during argument
florida man robs bank using method extremely similar to that described in the bank robber ama.
florida man flips bud light tractor-trailer on interstate 75, because his dog distracted him
florida man changes tire in the middle lane of i-95 during rush hour
florida man gets stunned by police officer because he approach too "aggressively"
florida man spends 17 years challenging debt he never owed in the first place
florida man steals 32 gallons worth of underwear
florida man does something right!!!!!
florida man tries to car jack undercover police
florida man, 33, arrested 32 times
florida man used 'whizzinator' strap-on device to pass drug test, gets arrested
33-year-old florida man arrested for the 32nd time
florida man terrorizes children's party by exposing himself
florida man distracted by his dog while driving overturns beer truck and litters highway with bud light.
florida man living in nursing home discovers live snake in the underwear that he is wearing
florida man arrested for 32nd time
florida man tries to blow up beach
33 year old florida man arrested for 32nd time
florida man steals police car then abandons it 2 cities away
kentucky men charged for giving florida man a one way bus ticket
florida man walks off tv news set because he doesn't want to talk about the kardashians
florida man bud light driver crashes a full truck of beer because of his adorable puppy
florida man beats pomeranian to death, leaves note
judge to florida man: state won't pay to cover your face tattoos
florida man caught trying to milk dugong
florida man who took joy ride on jail lawn arrested again for crashing into jail entrance
florida man pleads guilty to trading in wild-caught snakes
florida man paints name on cop car, gets arrested.
florida man throws potato salad outside nail salon amid marital lamentations
florida man chains up daughter before going to work as a mail-man.
florida man texts teen victim 'i never give up'
florida man shoots and runs over officer in police boat.
florida man arrested again after crashing into hernando detention center...for the third time.
florida man drives on jail lawn again, gets arrested again
florida man who drove on jail lawn accused of 2nd crash
florida man claims to be the devil
florida man weekly (8/3-8/9): a recap of the craziest crimes from this past week in florida!
florida man kills it at heat dance team auditions
florida man crams car under semi
florida man steals pickup to make bond
why this florida man who killed two neighbors let the third one live
florida man goes fishing, catches 50 pounds of cocaine
alcohol-soaked florida man pees in elevator, yells racial slurs, gets permanently banned from universal
florida man cops arrest hospice patient for failing to pay court fees
florida man offers cop terrible explanation for why he was masturbating on beach
florida man pleads guilty to trading in wild-caught snakes
florida man with zipper down to cops:  there is no doubt that i am impaired 
florida man tasered by cop after aggressively walking towards him yelling about police car lights
florida man pleads guilty to trading in-wild caught snakes
florida man pleads guilty to mailing venomous snakes
florida woman stabs florida man in the chest with a dart for trying to break up a fight
florida man takes crystal clear picture of kid stealing his car - he's the hero we deserve!
florida man reels in 412-pound grouper on paddleboard
unlicensed florida man plastic surgeon faces charges for leaving patient with 1-inch,  mutilated  penis
florida man pleads guilty to snake trading
florida man arrested for taking tomahawk from idaho museum
florida man painted his name on police cars
florida man nursing center patient goes to bathroom, finds snake in underpants
california man pretends to be florida man
potato salad-throwing florida man to cops: 'i have been drinking and taking xanax, what do you expect me to do?'
florida man goes to fake florida doctor to have his penis enlarged. hilarity ensues.
florida man tries to carjack car with police inside
here s what a  florida man  art exhibition looks like
florida man says happy picnic to the ground
florida man tells federal investigators he's sexually aroused by my little pony
florida man denies  racial vendetta  in putting up noose after arguing with black man
florida man kills 3: cops blame blue moon and wicca
florida man goes on a revenge filled shooting rampage.
florida man (12 year old boy) attempts to murder transgender woman for no reason
florida man finds himself on the wrong side of a ritual sacrifice
florida man tries to carjack undercover cops... with steak knife
ex-surgeon arrested after florida man left with 'deformed penis'
florida man chews off fingerprints in hopes of not being id'd
florida man and family hammered to death in wiccan 'ritualistic killing' during blue moon
florida man cities miami, tampa among the most roach-infested areas in the country
florida woman began throwing items from the yard at a man because he declined to have sex with her
florida man / sheriff starts literal witch-hunt.
florida man without medical license performs plastic surgery on a man, leaving him with a deformed penis
florida cop kills deaf man for 'talking to loud' after establishing the man, sitting in his own car, with windows rolled up, was breaking no laws, or acting disorderly
florida man binds, blindfolds, and repeatedly rapes alligator "for revenge, pure and simple"
florida wo man accused of stealing $14k in iphones from titusville...   /r/floridaman
a florida man chewed off his fingertips and ate them to avoid being fingerprinted | complex
florida man church pastor tackles robber during sermon
florida man digs mentally ill man's eyeball out of its socket and calls him a "fucking nigger"
florida man is an idiot.
what would a florida man movie be like? who would it star and what would be the plot?
florida man holds up sunday church service armed with a toy pistol demanding cash from congregation
florida man rams car in popeyes drive thru, flips the bird for good measure
florida man sues jailers over warts on his buttocks and rectum
florida man rides a bike during recent floods
florida man tries to chew finger prints off after he's arrested
florida man arrested for having revenge sex with an alligator
grumpy cat visits florida man
florida man arrested for performing unlicensed surgery; victim's "penis was now incredibly small," cops said
florida man gets attacked by his arch-nemesis, curb!
florida man wrassles a sidewalk fish
need examples of florida man being made fun of in pop culture.
florida man is taken down by pastor during sermon for armed robbery
florida man goes flash-flood noodling in the florida streets
florida man ordered to keep bbq smoke on property by county officals
man says unlicensed florida doctor 'mutilated' his penis
florida man cop tells homeless man to open mouth so he can throw peanuts in it.
florida man attempts to chew his fingerprints off on his way to jail.
74 year-old florida man hit 100 year-old mom with broom in fight over cat
florida man steals classified military documents, uses them to lie to immigration
florida man breaks into ucf dorms to pet students' arms while they are sleeping
florida man attempts to carjack two plainclothes detectives in an unmarked police car.
florida man attempts to chew fingertips off after arrest
florida man steals chicken and beer, passes out on family s couch
florida man arrested on drug charges claims marijuana is salad
let's take a moment to remember how it all started - florida man decides to build sprawling suburbs across swampy floodlands, seeks investors
florida man attempts to ride his bike during a flood.
florida man teaching daughter about gun safety accidentally shoots her in the arm
alligator bites 'chunk' out of florida man while he was gathering hyacinths
florida man uf student accused of being bathroom bandit
florida man catches a fish with his hands on the sidewalk during recent floods in tampa
florida man' manager at mcdonalds robs his own store
florida man chews skin off fingers to avoid being identified by police officers.
shirtless florida man on scooter robs pizza driver at gunpoint, he didn't want money, just the pizza.
florida man weekly (7/27-8/2): a recap of the craziest crimes from the past week in florida
florida man chews off fingertips in police car to try and avoid identification
florida man arrested on july 4th for rowdily playing the national anthem rejects plea deal, wants to fight for the right to party
florida man fatally punches pregnant sister in bill dispute
florida man raped mentally disabled girl church
florida man allegedly caught in act of raping mentally disabled kid at church in front of his own kid
florida man arested for hitting 100 year old mother with broom
florida man arrested for 'joyride' across jail lawn
florida man chews off his own fingerprints in an attempt to not be identified by police
florida man plays 'fart noises' during washington nationals batting practice
florida man chews off fingertips, eats them to avoid being fingerprinted
florida man raped mentally disabled girl at church: cops
florida man chews off fingertips, eats them to avoid being fingerprinted
florida man tries to cash $368 billion check, and that s not the weird part
florida man attempts to chew off his fingerprints while handcuffed in patrol car.
florida man and florida woman try to sell "golden tickets to heaven"
florida man towed by pickup truck kneeboards streets during flood
watch: florida man tries to chew off fingerprints after arrest
florida man patrick wanninkhof was an amazing person who was killed by a distracted driver.
florida man says crack in his butt is not his!
florida man discovers suspicious plastic bag that caused building evacuations at the university of central florida was filled with trash
florida man shrugs off a taser because his pants are too baggy
florida man diversifies his criminal empire to include identity theft, insurance fraud, and killing mailmen.
florida man who shot george zimmerman ordered back to jail by judge.
florida man steals $100,000 worth of jewelry from palm beach home he worked in, sells them for $2,166.
florida man breaks into house, found asleep on family's couch after eating chicken wings and drinking beer
florida man charged with murder in shooting death of transgender woman
florida man steals ipad from 4 year old watching cartoons.
florida man charged in shooting death of transgender woman
florida man seen on surveillance video placing and igniting fireworks in an automated ticket machine at rail station
florida man county commissioner mocked online after misrepresenting  third world  sewage issue with haiti picture
florida man continues his plan to catch enormous fish from increasingly smaller boats
florida man falls asleep after breaking into home and stealing chicken wings and beer
florida man accused of fatally shooting father in front of his family during road-rage incident
florida man replaces confederate flag with confederate flag as a stand-in for a confederate flag
florida man replaces confederate flag with confederate flag while waiting for a third confederate flag to arrive
fbi arrests florida man after supplying him with explosives
florida man gun store sued after declaring itself 'muslim-free'
florida man accused of taking a naked stroll with a vodka cranberry in downtown st. petersburg
florida man gets a license plate
bank robbing florida man snatches free lollipop before fleeing
florida man robs a bank, grabs a lollipop before leaving
florida man fined $48,000 for using a cell phone jammer
drunk florida man passes out in mcds drive-thru
florida man with zipper down to cops:  there is no doubt that i am impaired 
florida man ordered by city to keep bbq smell from leaving his property
florida man helps 87 y/o veteran, then robs him and gets away on a bycicle
florida man performs impressive disappearing watch magic trick in pembroke park gas station clerk
florida man eluding arrest rams fences, breaks into houses, drinks capri sun - respects the pouch
florida man catches 18 foot python
florida man plotted isis-inspired backpack bombing at beach: feds (huffpost)
florida man may be sentenced to 500 years in prison.
sarasota cop andrew halpin seen on tape throwing peanuts at homeless florida man
florida man tells police bag of synthetic pot in his car is "yard clippings"
florida police woman shares meal with homeless man: 'nobody wants to eat alone'
florida woman: police officer shares meal with homeless man: 'nobody wants to eat alone'
florida man finds a million dollars in gold coins
florida man repo's car with baby in back seat
florida man sentenced to 1 year in prison for duckling massacre
florida man charged with attempting to use weapon of mass destruction in the united states
florida man catches 300-pound fish, names it 'the dinosaur'
florida man charged with attempting to use weapon of mass destruction
florida man sentenced for running over ducks with lawnmower
florida man goes for joy ride... through jail lawn
florida man arrested in bomb plot sting after asking on facebook for people to send him links on how to make a bomb.
isis-inspired florida man planned to detonate nail bomb on beach, fbi says
florida man is a terrorist
florida man charged with plotting to detonate bomb in key west
a florida man tells resident to keep barbecue smoke in his own yard.
florida man charged in alleged bomb plot for islamic state
florida man arrested in isis-inspired backpack nail bomb plot, fbi says
florida man got stuck in his girlfriends pet cat door and died
florida man is a self fulfilling prophecy
101 crazy florida man headlines
florida man banned from starbucks...for life
florida man pilot slows plane to avoid birds, crashes
florida man road rage incident
florida man shoots another man in front of his family on a roadway then holds the family at gunpoint.
florida man names a stadium perfect vodka
florida man shows us how gators can climb fences (x/post from r/videos)
florida man - the documentary (2015)
florida man says that snoop dogg wasn't racially profiled but was snoop profiled!
florida man weekly (7/20-26)
florida man banned from starbucks. must read full article as its a happy ending.
florida man hurt after using old dryer for target practice
florida man told he must contain all bbq smell on his property or else stop bbqing
florida man charged with upskirting at wal-mart
florida man proves to be poor fit for his landscaping job (or probably any job) on his first day... intentionally kills ducklings with lawn mower.
florida man killed in front of family during road rage clash
florida man gets jail time for killing ducks with lawnmower | wink news
florida man debates neighbors and county regulators over bbq "smoke crossing property lines"
florida man killed in road rage incident after chasing driver's family to their home
official tells florida man smoke from bbq 'cannot leave his property'
florida man repo's suv. one problem... the baby in the back!!!
florida man to epa:  fuck you! 
florida man gets year in jail for running over 9 ducklings with a lawnmower.
florida man arrested for arson on his own house. he was found on a neighbors driveway cleaning his motorcycle, acting indifferent to the fact that his house was on fire.
florida man has a new challenger! wyoming man
florida man is shot and dropped off at florida walmart instead of hospital
florida man wins hemingway look-alike contest in key west
florida man pulls over good drivers
florida man gives fatal atomic wedgie
florida man infringes galactic bbq law
florida man arrested for selling tickets to watch him beat up fat people
police watch as naked florida man jumps head first through a window
florida man shot by florida woman trying to shoot herself
florida man warned of county rule that his bbq grill smell cannot leave his property
florida man kills ducklings by running over them with lawn mower.
florida man head-butts a bus, knocks himself out
florida man swings pink bat at walmart employees, charged with illegal use of a shopping cart
florida man steals horses to raise money for fake autism charity
florida man rescues 10-foot hammerhead shark that was hanging around the shoreline with two hooks stuck in its mouth (video)
florida man robs houses because he's "extremely thirsty from recently smoking crack"
florida man fail driving test in alarming numbers
florida woman accused of bashing a man with a meat tenderizer and a broomstick
florida man shot, driven to wal-mart
watch: florida man headbutts bus, knocks himself out
florida man ordered by city to keep bbq smell from leaving his property
florida ~~man~~ boy accidentally burns down his own house after intentionally setting his mattress on fire.
florida man (boy, 8) accidentally burns down his own house after intentionally setting his mattress on fire.
florida man employee arrested after trying to run principal off the road
florida man marco rubio: obama s like trump   he s got  no class 
florida man who landed gyrocopter at u.s. capitol rejects plea deals, faces six charges
florida man arrested for standing in front of car and masturbating.
florida man shot in the butt over seaturtles
rescuers free florida man whose head was stuck in exercise machine
florida man trio injured by lightning strike at nude haulover beach
florida man walks out of ocean naked, sits on boardwalk in palm coast
arrested florida man has action movie villian name of falcon faustino
florida m=man has sparked controversy after declaring his gun store "muslim-free."
florida man has sparked controversy after declaring his gun store "muslim-free."
florida man headbutts bus - the bus wins
florida man protests high bus fare by running head first into a bus
florida man threatens his step grandson with a machete for disciplining his chihuahua
florida man sets self on fire trying to burn cross.
florida man to host muslim florida man at "muslim free" gun store.
florida man doesn't like step daughter's boyfriend, shoots him in the face with a shotgun
florida man in road-rage dispute attacks family in car with kids with a crowbar, because the driver did not turn fast enough when leaving a mcdonald's drive-thru.
florida man discovers suspicious package; bomb squad discovers just a bird feeder
florida man gets angry, headbutts bus
florida man had bac of .402 when he drove into bar, killing one man
florida man head-butts bus, loses
florida man attacks bus over fare
florida man arrested for standing in front of car and masturbating in mcdonald's drive-thru
watch: florida man picks fight with parked city bus   loses
florida man declares his gun store a 'muslim-free' zone
florida man, 68, padlocked mom in home while going out for crack
florida man films manatees having sex
florida man drives truck in billiards hall and pins three people to the bar
florida man, declares gun store "muslim free zone"
florida man robs bank with notes on the back of his personal checks.
florida man threatens to kill parents because they didn't buy organic food
florida man shot a volunteer in the butt because he doesn't like sea turtles
florida man threatens woman with swords for waking him up.
florida man takes gunshot victim friend to wal-mart instead of hospital.
florida man with white supremacist ties set east windsor car fire while making meth
florida man officer's k9 jumps fence, mauls child.
florida man pawns $85k worth of mother's handmade porcelain dolls
florida man indicted for killing neighbour over dog poop
florida man shoots teen daughter s boyfriend after boy dares him
florida man has joined subreddit simulator!
florida man dressed as woman found dead in tampa bay area park
florida ~~man~~ armadillos cause spike in leprosy
florida man wearing helmet and spandex wrestles baby alligator
angry florida man headbutts bus and loses
florida man urged to avoid leprosy-infected armadillos
florida teen goes to see girlfriend   gets a shotgun blast to the face by florida man
florida man, claiming he doesn't like sea turtles or turtle activists, confronts two volunteer conservationists at a turtle nest, shoots one
florida man robs a movie theater, can't find the safe
florida man shot in ass protecting turtle nests from drunk guy
lone black florida man in tampa confederate group defends heritage
florida man, 72, shot in buttocks by 'crazy' drunken man while protecting sea turtle habitat
florida man tries to rob a pizzeria, finds the jewelry store is easier to break into
florida man weekly (7/13-19): florida woman beats up her partner with a dildo
florida man indicted in fatal dog poop fight
florida man arrested for riding sea turtle, spearing shark
florida man declares his gun shop a "muslim-free zone"
florida man doesn t like daughter s boyfriend. he shows up anyway. gets shot in head by shotgun.
florida man teaches gun safety
florida man threatens to evict elderly tenants if they continue to accept church food bank donations.
florida man ignores lifeguards, metal detects in shark-infested water.
florida man shoots self in head after drinking beer
florida man shoots self in head to see if gun is loaded
florida man shoots sea turtle nest volunteer because he dislikes sea turtles.
florida man song on youtube.
florida man to travel across country with his goat named deer
in 2001 florida man got drunk and stole a plane to deliver a pizza to fidel castro with the intention of kidnapping him, crash landed on havana beach
florida man finds supposed unexploded bomb submerged at local beach
til: per capita, a florida man committed more lynchings than other states
sovereign citizen florida man gets 485 years in prison for raping 16 year old girl
doctor florida man arrested for taking upskirt pics in grocery store
no, florida man was not arrested for having sex with a gator.
florida man arrested because he asked cops to tickle him
florida man arrested for obstructing traffic with a metal cover of "the star-spangled banner".
florida man rides a turtle to spear a shark
florida man indicted in fatal dog poop fight
the fake story about a florida man arrested for having sex with an alligator used the mugsot of a man aressted for having sex with a peacock.
florida man fires beloved toll collector for paying driver's toll
florida man find your next date in your computer
florida man sentenced to 30 years for atomic wedgie death
grand jury indicts florida man for murder in dog-poop shooting
florida man ends up on wrong strip of concrete
florida man arrested after he urinates on his pregnant girlfriend
florida man puts on a masks, robs his coworkers as a joke
florida man puts on a mask, robs his coworkers as a joke
hey, florida man, are those putters in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
florida man indicted in fatal dog poop fight
florida courthouse mural depicting "heroic" ku klux klan(man) members draws controversy
florida man steals confederate flag while friend records it.
florida man brawls florida man in orlando publix
florida man arrested last month for setting fire to the church where he was a trustee also had a history of calling in bomb threats to the sheriff s office and several other targets. (nuclear plant, elementary school, airports, courthouses)
florida man allegedly caught viewing porn suffers florida woman's wrath
florida man suffers memory loss after a collision with a dead alligator
wannabe florida man escape from prison to join florida football team
florida man brawls with flordia man in baldwin park publix last night
florida man brawls with florida man in a baldwin park publix last night
florida man has sex with an alligator as revenge
former miami dolphin and current florida man will allen committed 23 felonies, faces decades in prison, feds say
florida man gets into a fight in publix deli at baldwin park
florida man fights another florida man in front of deli.
zimmerman's alleged shooter/florida man accused of urinating on neighbor's front porch
zimmerman's florida man shooter accused of urinating on neighbor's front porch
florida man accused of urinating on neighbor's front porch, shooting george zimmerman
florida man arrested after having sex with an alligator.
florida man rides sea turtle, spears shark
florida man arrested with best mask ever!
florida man that had sex with alligator doesn't exist
florida man high on molly escapes from an ambulance and is later killed during a break-in
florida man fights other florida man in deli aisle
florida man attempts to cash check for $368 billion dollars
florida man arrested for having sex with an alligator
florida man kept bound and blindfolded alligator as sex
story about florida man having sex with gator just a hoax
a florida man charged with shooting at george zimmerman now charged with urinating on neighbor's door
florida man offers free flu shots and a complimentary lunch buffet to seniors at his strip club (2008)
florida man arrested for stealing over $2 million in legos; once stole from all 50 states in just one year
florida man steals over $2 million in legos; claims he once stole in all 50 states in just one year
florida man arrested for kicking, punching, and biting an 11-month-old baby
florida man arrested for having sex with alligator.
florida man attempts to have his judge arrested while appearing in court
florida man arrested for stealing over $2 million worth of legos
florida man walks out of a trailer and points rifle at deputies during home invasion; deputies fatally shoot him
florida man, chihuahua ride across country to raise money for children of fallen veterans
florida man posts video showing himself tearing down and stealing a confederate flag from someone's house as part of the "#noflagginchallenge".
florida man accused of beating big lots customer 'standing too close to his girlfriend'
florida man doesn't give a shit.
florida man has his own category in the apple news app
florida man wants your dog to pee in an airport in luxury
florida man stole operating room surgical table
florida man is allegedly stealing ducks at a public pond. florida woman plans to stop him.
florida man weekly (7/5-7/12): serial dine and dasher finally caught
florida man - eight people rescued from three airboats stranded in the everglades
florida man with schizophrenia attacks parents with crowbar.
florida man fired gun at homicide memorial
florida man assaults boy over missuse of beach chairs
florida man arrested for sidewalk guitar concert
florida man claims scientology keeping him from daughter
florida man shreds national anthem so hard, cops are forced to arrest him
florida man finds dead horse tethered to pole outside his house.
florida man and his accomplice steal a backhoe from a construction site, use it to smash through a building and steal an atm.
florida man gets pepper sprayed after "monkey sex."
florida man goes on paranoid rant in public about alleged zombie invasion
florida man finally caught after 10 years dining and dashing at disney world
florida man refuses to get out of hotel pool, demands police tickle him
florida man uses stolen backhoe to rip loose bank atm
florida man named  mistress creammy juicy  arrested for soliciting oil massages out of super 8 motel
florida man dined and dashed at disney world for over 10 years
florida man calls a food truck a 'garbage truck,' owner adds garbage fries to menu
florida man demands tickling from police
florida man and woman ranked last in us
florida man arrested after accusing ex-wife of cheating on him with sex toy
police seeking florida man suspected of abusing baby
florida woman tries to set florida man on fire, but her lighter was broken
florida man arrested after playing national anthem on july 4
florida man drug dealer may or may not be a pirate
florida man starts epic 12 minute+ brawl at hulk hogan's restaurant
florida man travels back in time to find 5 places to eat in miami beach
florida man arrested for rocking way too hard to the national anthem
florida man arrested after asking police to tickle him.
man so "florida man" he moved his whole family to florida to be a florida man.
florida man encourages boy, 12, to shoot at russian national
florida man making his rounds in the opinion cartoons
florida man protected by "professional law enforcement"
florida man shreds national anthem so hard cops are forced to arrest him
florida man sentenced to life for sexually attacking 83-year-old
florida man decapitated by unmarked police vehicle.
florida man sets off burglar alarm by smoking a blunt while house-sitting
florida man decides to run for senate in 2016
florida man breaks ex-wife's sex toy in half, accuses her of 'cheating' on him with it: police
florida man angler in a kayak is capsized by a shark.
salon owner tells deputies florida man smeared feces on business
florida man dons pirate garb and fires flintlock pistols at passing motorists.
florida man drunk off his ass asks officers to tickle him
mom of florida man demands  tougher fireworks laws  after son, aka gaston, lights them off head and dies
florida man is the joker (x-post)
florida man incarcerated for having too much sex on the beach
florida man finds unusual peeping tom at 4 am
florida man gets recognized by judge in court
florida man 'mistress creammy juicy' busted for giving massages without license
florida man dies after mattress he sat on in back of pickup truck flies off
florida man arrested on child porn charges: porn was 'only of kids i didn't know'
florida man removing bill cosby statue from theme park
florida man, "mistress creammy juicy", poses as female masseuse, busted by undercover cop
florida man thinks minion toy is cursing at him (youtube link in comments)
florida man gets 105 years for sexually extorting 350 girls
mentally disabled florida man puts confederate flag in window, florida men evict him and his florida woman mother
florida man takes his stuff back from cheating girlfriend and makes a great escape
florida man charged with battery after accusing woman of cheating on him with sex toy
florida man gets into a fight over the confederate flag
florida man arrested for throwing snickers bad at bus driver's head
6'2, 252 pound professional football playing florida man tries to hide from police in plant.
fsu qb booted from team, bar punch goes viral - florida man
florida man stifler, and his mom, arrested
florida man gives deputies an earful of drugs
florida man battered ex-wife after accusing her of cheating on him with a sex toy
half-naked florida man attacks miami officer, dies from taser
naked florida man accused of trying to break into home of florida woman
florida man who s also a star player for the new york giants injures hand with fireworks
florida man arrested after accusing ex-wife of cheating on him with sex toy.
round up of the best of both florida man &amp; florida woman for the month of june
florida man sentenced to two-and-a-half years for having sex on the beach in front of a child.
florida man gored as he ran with the bulls in spain for the 38th time in 11 years
florida man threatens pastor during church service, screams that he is god
florida man arrested for playing national anthem with his guitar on july 4th
florida man and florida woman laugh as they destroy endangered turtle nests.
florida man gets 105 years for extortion of minors
florida man gets shot by police over dispute with neighbors pussy
florida man calls 911 to brag about his 'big muscles'
florida man texts underage girls pics of his junk in an effort to prove that "white guys are better."
florida man aka disney s  gaston , dead after launching firework off of his head.
florida man faces sentencing for having sex on the beach
florida man faces sentencing for having sex on the beach
florida man needed to be arrested for doing absolutely nothing
florida man convicted of having sex on manatee beach gets 2 1/2 years
florida man steals car and tries to sell it to the owner for $200
florida man robs gun store then flees on tricycle
florida man charged with battery after accusing a woman of cheating on him with a sex toy.
florida man apologizes for stealing phone via facebook.
florida man sentences another florida man to prison because he slept with a florida girl who lied about her age on myspace [2008]
florida man stabbed by fish
florida man dressed as pirate, arrested for firing musket at passing cars.
florida man arrested for going 100 mph with kids in car - in vermont. this guy gets around.
nfl star florida man seriously injures his hand in fireworks accident
florida man who met minor through app claims he was tricked
florida man dies in  freak accident  after firework lights on top of his head in maine
laws that florida man has to follow
florida man, drinking, shoots firework from top of his head, dies
florida man visits maine, dies trying to launch firework off head during fourth of july celebration
florida man smokes crack naked in a lake, gets attacked by an alligator. does it again 15 months later.
florida man suspected in theft of baby flamingos
tasted like a florida man" says alligator after attack.
florida man has sex in car at a gas pump.
the perfect all-florida man football team, including players named stetson, bishop dean, and hunter justice.
florida man fired after facebook post saying he wanted to marry his dog
florida man accused of lying about kidney transplant to get donations
judge and florida man former middle school classmate/burglary suspect, have emotional court reunion
florida man confronts police with a samurai sword after an argument with an editor of the local newspaper.
florida man and woman laughed as they destroyed hundreds of sea turtle eggs in five nests.
florida man steals car, then attempts to sell it back to original owner. said he is the "good samaritan"
florida man fights shark from kayak, gets capsized.
florida man catches the shark that just knocked him off his kayak
florida man sentenced to 8 months for driving away from interior border patrol checkpoint too quickly
florida man arrested for knifepoint robbery at subway
deputies arrest florida man dressed as pirate for firing muskets at cars
voo doo preist florida man arrested for having sex with minor to cure "bad spirits"
florida man actually jumped an open drawbridge
florida man records florida woman taking a baby away from another florida woman so she can beat her up.
florida man -- former fsu mascot -- stabbed to death over gumbo recipe
florida man jokes about marrying his dog, gets fired
florida man has his own beer!
florida man arrested for stealing more than 70 guns
florida man writes on facebook he would marry dog, gets fired
florida man in an suv jumps an open draw bridge.
florida man leaps to his death from window of moving greyhound bus
florida woman arrested for shooting florida man over "perfect-looking" mango
florida man sprays 3 people in the face with bear repellent
florida woman shoots florida man for taking her mango
florida man points gun at clerk because bathroom was out of order
florida man who performed illegal vet work on dogs heads to prison
homeless florida man is playing piano on the streets, and he's a total natural
florida man sells solid gold tickets to heaven.
florida man jumps drawbridge (with video)
florida man seriously injured; he lost control of his bicycle skidding over the gooey remains of an alligator
florida man jumps open drawbridge because his gps distracted him
florida man says he's a patriot so it's ok to steal american flags. with poop-eating grin mug shot.
florida man says he s a patriot, so it s ok to steal american flags.
distracted florida man driver jumps drawbridge as its opening
florida man dances on patrol suv to scare off vampires attacking kids
florida man allegedly shoots 3 people with bear repellent
florida man caught with stolen 69 guns on 3-wheel bicycle
florida man dressed as pirate arrested for firing black powder pistols on florida keys bridge
florida man leaps open palm beach drawbridge in suv
florida man shoots neighbor dead after his dog defecated on his lawn
florida man stole car, tried to sell it back to owner for $200
florida man stole car, tried to sell it back to owner for $200
florida man arrested after ordering pizza to his own illegal cockfight
florida man mentioned on dutch news. (no subtitles.)
florida man goes international. dutch public broadcaster states that there is no place in the world with so many idiots making the news.
handcuffed florida man (teen) steals deputy's cruiser
florida man weekly: fw has dog perform oral sex on her, photographes it
florida man accused of setting fire after masturbation complaints
florida man (chief osceola fsu) stabbed to death over gumbo recipe
florida man kills florida man over gumbo spices
florida man kills former fsu mascot over gumbo dispute
florida man found living with mothers own corpse
florida man charged in taco bell road rage case involving a gun and a burrito
florida man stabbs former florida state seminoles mascot to death over gumbo recipe
florida man, accused of terrorism based on book collection, set free
florida man arrested for attempted murder after barbecue brawl over poor cooking comments
florida man calls 911 to confess to brutal murder of his girlfriend.
stupid tax laws, stupid gun laws, stupid terrorist laws threatened non-violent florida man with 20 years in jail
florida man stabs indian chief over gumbo spices
florida man points gun at clerk because bathroom was out of order
florida man killed in argument over gumbo spices
florida man kills former fsu mascot chief osceola over gumbo
a baby-faced florida man was arrested this week after an argument over his inability to achieve a workable erection turned physical.
florida man arrested this week after an argument over his inability to achieve a workable erection turned physical.
florida man is neighbor from hell, has 140 complaints against him in only 7 years
florida man formerly employed as jingoistic fsu mascot fatally stabbed in workplace dispute over proper amount of spice in gumbo
6 florida man cyclists injured after running over a dead baby alligator
florida man accused of operating a paratransit bus while drunk and hurting his elderly passenger in the process
florida man named dick oranges accused of biting, swinging knife at department-store employee
paramedic florida man dumps patient off stretcher, loses certification and gets parole
florida man dies from flesh-eating bacteria after swimming in florida
florida man organizes rolling rally for confederate flag
florida man lives months with mom's corpse on couch
florida man tries to enter canada with four handguns, 10 over capacity magazines
police: drunk, naked florida man posed as superman
florida man arrested after keeping mother's dead body on couch...
florida man (teen) arrested after setting cop car on fire
florida cop buys kids pool after sprinkler stolen from yard [florida man]
florida man tries to swim away from cops, fails
florida man dies from  flesh-eating  bacteria contracted in mississippi
florida man hears daughter s voice for first time
florida man deputy charged in taco bell road rage case involving a gun and a burrito
florida man dies in fight over gumbo
florida man starts group to parade confederate flags down state road 60 into tampa
florida man shot after dog tried to defecate in neighbor's yard
part-time florida man, full-time comedy fodder donald trump drags univision into his one-man anti-mexico crusade
florida man keeping it classy
florida man kills imaginary friend, takes world's saddest mugshot.
drunk florida man crashes maserati, then offers to kiss cop's feet to avoid arrest
florida man starts fire in church during christian singles movie night
florida man and woman arrested for selling tickets to heaven
fiu police: serial florida man butt-grabber strikes again
florida man attacks co-worker with 15" blade over amount of spice to put in gumbo
florida man pulled gun on post office clerk, threatened to "blow his head off"
made an account specifically to show peeps my florida man song.
florida man your home is on fire &amp; looks scared shitless
florida man has a pizza delivered to an illegal cockfight
naked florida man found floating on a channel marker
naked florida man found clinging to a channel marker
florida man has pizza delivered to an illegal cockfight
florida man kills boss and takes over business
florida man takes in truck for repair, shop loans it out, truck disappears
florida man wants to combine a shooting range with a restaurant that serves alcohol
florida man dick oranges bit store employee, swung knife at him
florida man auto body repair shop owner gets confronted on camera by action news jacksonville about a man's car that was supposed to be repaired but he instead loaned it out and now he can't find it.
florida man delivers pizza and shots at would be armed robbers.
florida man admits to kill|ng in downtown columbus, ohio
florida man flies largest confederate flag in the world florida mayor wants it gone.
florida man pretends to be a cop, and is armed with pretend guns.
florida man arrested in  dog poop shooting 
90 year old florida man attempts to kill mail man
florida man tosses live grenade into neighbor's backyard. grenade explodes.
florida man reconsiders giant confederate flag
florida man reconsiders giant confederate flag
super drunk florida man arrested for posing like superman without pants on, public urination: cops
naked florida man found on a channel marker, rescued by
florida man "just can't help" breaking into people's homes, flashing his junk.
11 year old girl armed with knife scares off florida man
90 year old florida man, dissatisifed with the customer service, pulls gun on postal worker
florida man accused of drowning pet rabbit in hotel pool
elderly florida man threatens to blow boca raton postal worker'
elderly florida man threatens to blow postal worker's head off when he wasn't satisfied with the service he was receiving
florida man beats florida man in the face with a pot because he made an illegal move in dominoes
florida man delivering pizza during cock fight ends illegal rooster fighting ring
florida man serial butt-grabber on the loose at florida international university
florida man, 90, 'pulled gun on postal service employee because he was upset with the service'
vengeful florida man slams into hit-and-run offender, paralyzes him
florida man finds and returns buried treasures (actually good news for once!)
florida man has a case of the mondays [x-post /pics]
florida man shoots neighbor in dog poop dispute
florida man accidentally shoots himself during a gun safety class.
billy graham s florida man grandson steps down from megachurch after admitting an affair
florida man accused of drowning pet rabbit in hotel pool
florida man calls 911 when his house got struck by lightning. got arrested for having a grow house.
florida man, serial butt grab strikes again
florida man allegedly bites officer, asks for second chance
florida man arrested after advertising 'top shelf' pot on craigslist
florida man accidentally shot at gun safety class
florida man builds space age automobiles
florida man bites store employee before speeding away in gold convertible; tells police name is  dick oranges .
florida man pulled over for loud music, arrested for drug possession.
florida man has the most prison escapees still at large
florida man murder suspect found hiding in refrigerator, deputies say
florida man assaults girlfriend, leads deputies on 125 mph chase
73 clones of florida man (or woman) charged with $262 million of medicare and medicaid fraud as part of nationwide sting operation
florida man says he was attacked by male prostitute
florida man robs woman at gunpoint, uses stolen credit card to buy condoms
florida man: "i don't give a flying fuck about a restraining order"
florida man arrested while naked on allegations of attacking a 69-year-old man who had hired him as a prostitute
florida man stuffs drugs up his butt while getting arrested
florida man checks if gun is loaded by putting it to head, pulling trigger; kills self
florida man breaks into multiple homes naked, touching himself - "i just can't help myself."
argument between florida man and landlord ends with the bomb squad.
florida man shoots himself in the head to find out if gun was loaded or not
florida man checks if gun is loaded by putting it to head, pulling trigger
florida man shoplifter threatens employee with syringe, claims he has aids
florida man built bowling ball bomb, set fire to former home
florida man runs for president of the united states
florida man crushed to death in compactor at recycling plant
florida man poses as a teenage girl so he can get nude photos from teenage boys
florida woman with flakka calls 911, says man didn t deliver pot during deal
florida man repeatedly drunk dials 9-1-1 to brag about his muscles and hit on the dispatcher
florida man finds lost stuffed animal 'hobbes' at airport, takes it on an adventure
florida man busted for selling the sticky icky on cl
florida man tries to blow up foreclosed home with bowling ball
florida man barely survives flesh eating bacteria from lake
florida man terrorizes neighbor with cinder blocks
florida man tries to smuggle cocaine in fried fish
florida man made a bomb out of a bowling ball
florida man tells cops:  i do stupid things for women 
florida man captures video of  alien being  at florida cemetery.  it looks like a bald person, sitting on a porch with some kind of a light. 
thirsty florida man steals senior citizen's ice tea, and then bashes the him in the face.
florida woman fights off florida man with a tiki torch
florida man killed in connecticut motorcycle accident
the new drug that causes (florida man)to rip off their clothes and attack with super-human strength
florida man tries to save house from foreclosure by blowing it up with bomb he made from bowling ball
florida man prison guards urinated on man, pointed shotgun at his head: lawsuit
florida man busted with breaking bad themed lsd tabs in drug lab.
naked gun-wielding meth head florida man steals a pouch of coins.
florida man burns hands with limes and sunlight while making margaritas
florida man faces 15 years for shagging his wife on the beach
florida man arrested for showing hardcore porn to boy scouts in church
florida man chokes out police k-9, dog wakes up and bites him on the arm
naked florida man swimmer moons sheriff's deputy
florida man plagued by flesh eating bacteria
wildlife officer arrests naked florida man
florida man glues plush toy to log. claims it is an otter attending on an alligator
florida man checks for bullet in chamber of a pistol, accidentally shoots and kills himself
florida man feeling depressed
florida man feeling depressed (fixed)
florida man with nearly five times the legal limit is accused of breaking into an apartment and stabbing a dog -- seriously wtf
florida man with nearly five times the legal limit of alchohol in his system is accused of breaking into an apartment and stabbing a dog -- seriously wtf
florida man formally announces his run for u.s. president
florida man indicted for selling misbranded drugs throughout maryland
florida man wearing only shorts and flip flops rob cvs pharmacy, takes cash and beer
florida man wearing only shorts and flip flops robs cvs pharmacy, takes cash and beer
florida man, meet your sidekick! here's a florida raccoon proudly riding an alligator outside ocala
florida man snaps picture of raccoon riding a gator in ocala national forest
florida man has the socks he was wearing stolen by louisiana man
florida man accused of assaulting roommate with slice of pizza
florida man snaps photo of a racoon riding an alligator (x-posted to wtf_florida)
florida man turns his car into a rolling church
florida man kills wife over fried chicken
florida man chokes wife for eating fried chicken
nothing here but florida man paramedic charged with flipping patient off stretcher
florida man attempts to rob a subway using only his fingers
florida man doesn't need a licence plate.
florida man marries a baby
florida man caught stuffing toy stuffed horse in local walmart with sausage
florida man who hired hitman who killed wrong guy, was arrested by the police.
florida man abducts neighbor for being loud
florida man poops in pocahontas park
florida man gets sun burn squeezing limes
florida man arrested after armed, naked carjacking and twelve hour manhunt
florida man attempts to use walmart self-serve photo kiosk, accidentally prints photos of naked children at the store's counter.
florida man robs subway at fingerpoint.
florida man derails serious story by not being able to pronounce "twitter"
florida man upset over refusal to give him a refund charged with battery at palm bay chick-fil-a, threw employee's phone on ground.
florida man lets children play in poisonous plants, sues restaurant after florida kids develop rash.
florida man cop shoots homeless man in front of children
florida man storms to the back of a chick-fil-a and assaults drive thru employees for getting his order wrong.
florida woman calls 911 to report pot dealer man took her money and then ends up arrested for possession of bath salts
florida man smashed chick-fil-a worker's $700 phone after argument over order
florida man hires hitman, who kills wrong target with the same name
florida man dies while cave diving with son at blue spring park
florida man shark dies in highway crash after being ejected from tank
florida man who blew arms off making fireworks with coffee grinder won t be charged
florida man fires gun while delivering newspapers
homeless florida man was reunited with nearly $10,000 in cash that he'd accidentally left stuffed in two bank envelopes a lauderdale-by-the-sea bench
florida man, high school principal, fired for say mckinney, texas cop did nothing wrong
florida man offers woman ride, gets carjacked and robbed
florida man, i mean florida shark, dies in highway accident
florida man gets a tow.
florida man gets second-degree burns after making margaritas in the sun
til the war on isis is being led by florida man...er, make that florida men (and maybe a couple florida women)
florida man proposes to girlfriend on her last day of chemotherapy.
florida man arrested for slapping employees with bearded dragon
florida man politician is an unenlightened dick
florida man gets 2nd degree burns squeezing limes
florida man saves the life of a boy struck by a "bolt from the blue"
florida man arrested for doing anti-vampire dance atop a patrol car
florida man kidnaps neighbor for being too loud
florida man is 'out of his mind' and throwing hamburgers
florida man kidnaps neighbor for being too loud
florida man attempts to sell live shark outside of publix
florida man jailed after throwing mcdonald s bag with hamburgers at dad
florida man decides that the best place to host a massive air show is in the middle of a sensitive national park, sends team of lobbyists to france
florida man steals $96k muscle car during test drive
now we have road sharks thanks to florida man
florida man wrecks truck killing a 5-foot shark
florida man loses control of semi-truck hauling sharks and wrecks, 1 shark dead on scene, 4 others being moved from tanks
florida man tries to rob subway, he put his hand under his shirt and pointed his fingers, implying he had a gun
florida man principal fired for defending texas cop
florida man who blew off both his arms when the crude fireworks he was assembling in his kitchen exploded will not face criminal charges
florida man arrested after bragging about 'big muscles' to 911 dispatcher
florida man crashes ferrari into house
florida man governor says the state has record funding for the environment, gets "pants on fire" rating
florida man throws pizza at roommate
florida man plumber unclogs toilet, finds 18" iguana
florida man tries to sell live shark outside fort lauderdale supermarket
florida man faces charges of exposing himself to children in plantation, coral springs
florida man grabs an 8-year-old girl; exposes himself in the parking lot of a toys 'r' us
florida man tries to sell live shark outside of publix
florida man makes mobile shower unit for homeless
florida man sinks $500k artificial upside down
florida man sinks $500k artificial reef upside down
florida man arrested after throwing rock at a hotel manager and missing
florida man gets sunburn squeezing limes.
florida man arrested after $240,000 worth of marijuana seized from tampa grow house
florida man caught developing kiddy porn photos at costco kiosk...
question]was the florida man chrome extension updated recently?
florida man tries to sell soap as crack at a majik food store
florida man tries to sell soap as crack at a place called "majik food store"
florida man points gun at sons face for not giving him a birthday card
til that in 2009, an accused florida man said his cat downloaded child porn, not him.
florida man dances on cop car to ward off vampires
florida man arrested for shooting up bmw - targeted the wrong bmw
florida man jailed for throwing hot pizza at female roommate during argument about pizza
florida man kidnaps neighbor at gunpoint for being too loud in the laundry room
florida man attempts to kidnap his estranged wife while wearing a fake pregnancy belly
florida man tries to sell live shark in front of grocery store
florida man places live shark outside supermarket. surprised when no one wants to buy it
florida man says he twerked on patrol car to 'save children'
florida woman kills a man because his penis was too big
florida man, principal, caught plagiarizing graduation speech from youtube video that has been viewed millions of times
neighbors aren't happy with florida man who has 50 pet geese
florida man attempts to sell live shark on front of publix supermarket
florida man tries to sell live shark in front of supermarket.
florida man steals car but leaves wallet behind
florida man calls 911 to brag about muscles, hits on dispatcher
florida woman assaults man with spaghetti, threatens another with scissors
florida man tries to sell live shark outside grocery store
florida man arrested after being found running the streets naked
florida man and woman wants to name baby after lightning player ben bishop
florida man, publix, and a nice fresh shark
florida man repurposes rabbit virus to kill cancer cells
florida man tells cops to arrest him -- and they do
florida man awarded $20k after incorrectly labeled as sex offender on id card, unfortunately he died before the agreement was reached
florida man made several 911 calls in which he hit on a dispatcher and bragged about his big muscles
florida man who relieved himself on door gets in wee bit of trouble
florida man dances like nobody is watching on top of sheriffs suv
florida man and woman use surveillance type ear pieces to help people pass driver's license test - must watch a lot of spongebob squarepants
florida man sets up child sex sting, arrests 22 people in orlando
florida man tried to sell stolen cars on craigslist
florida man dances on police vehicle to ward off vampires
christian school allegedly bans florida man for being gay
florida man has big muscles.
florida man dances on cop car to ward off vampires
florida man charged with 1986 murder of santa...
florida man catches giant 552-pound grouper from a kayak
swordmaking florida man sued by choice hotels after (allegedly) exploiting a flaw in their reservation system to collect reward points and redeem them for gift cards
florida man caught on video trying out his dance moves....on top of sheriff's office suv
florida man caught on video dancing atop deputy's cruiser; man claimed he was threatened by vampires, authorities say
florida man says he danced atop patrol vehicle to save children from vampires
florida man chrome extension
florida man covers home in aluminum foil, calls it art
police are searching for florida man who took upskirt photos at wal-mart.
florida man, suing because he was sold a house infested with snakes.
father, son and holy sawfish! florida man researcher find  virgin birth  in florida endangered species | miami herald miami herald
florida man and the case of the exploding mailboxes
florida man arrested for slashing a woman's tires because she took his favorite bingo seat
hey florida man, your news is leaking into iowa. thanks
florida man fends off coyote in his boxers. saves neighbors dog.
florida man attempts to rescue turtle, is bitten by a rattle snake instead.
florida man calls 911, says he'll give his address for $10
florida man wants to grow a beard but his boss won't let him
florida man tries to rob a store, is scared away by an oven timer
florida man slashes woman's tires for taking his bingo seat
florida man mysteriously dies in police custody like freddie gray after 8-minute transport ride to jail
machete-wielding florida man arrested over assaulting roommate's boyfriend
florida crazies: man covers entire house and trees in aluminum foil but you ll never believe why
sturgeon leaps from river, knocks teen florida man unconscious
florida man is accused of items, also stabbing.
florida man science teacher jams cell phones in the classroom.
florida man tries to enter canada with loaded handgun
after 8 minute ride to jail, florida man mysteriously dies in police custody
an enraged and possibly drunk florida man wielding two machetes and a box cutter went on a wild swinging spree inside his home monday night, injuring another man, authorities said.
florida man gets second-degree burns from lime juice
florida man wrapped his house in tin foil: neighbors annoyed
florida man and friends recorded video of themselves flaunting stolen cash, jewelry - with video
florida man breaks into house and touches sleeping woman on her leg.
get the florida man chrome extension. makes presidential campaigns much more interesting.
florida man (palm beach sheriff) caught in photos with florida woman (naked hooker) at private golf course party (nsfw photos)
florida man who shot at george zimmerman to use the 'stand your ground' defense.
florida man slashes tires of bingo opponent for sitting in his chair.
florida woman who allegedly bit wheelchair-bound man in  vampire  attack now accused of stabbing boyfriend with scissors
florida man accused of attacking man who wouldn't let him pet dogs
florida man decorates wild boar on side of highway
naked florida man stands on a log at a river bank, screaming and waving his arms in the air, moons deputies.
florida man slashes tires after losing his bingo seat
florida man sends mail laced with hallucinogenic drugs to inmates, will now hope to get mail like that.
florida man drives around with a missile
naked from the waist down florida man found drinking bud light, claims he lost his pants at the beach
florida man covers his entire house in aluminum foil
florida man is thor
nsfw florida sheriff man had hooker, cocaine delivered to private golf course party. (maybe)
florida man drinking &amp; piloting a plane with son on board hits tower. son is fine, drunkard in jail.
this is how florida man is propagated.
florida man that shot at george zimmerman from his vehicle into his will use the stand your ground defense in court
florida man, 82, punctures woman's tires with ice pick for sitting in his favorite bingo seat
florida man accused of shooting at george zimmerman will use a "stand your ground" defense in an attempt to clear himself
florida man ran over a family of ducklings with lawnmower on purpose
florida man drunkenly crashed private plane carrying son into airport shed
florida man and wife arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven
florida man arrested for slashing 88-year-old woman's tires over bingo
kentucky decides that the best way to deal with a mentally-ill kentuckian is to make him a florida man.
florida man caught trying to stuff ak-47 in his pants during attempted gun store theft.
florida man arrested for slashing a woman's tires because he claimed she was sitting in his favorite bingo seat.
florida man stabbed with sword may never be able to use arm again
florida woman moons police, florida man thinks it's a "hoot" to run from cop
good guy florida man is misting beach sand to keep you from burning your feet
chrome extension replaces  jeb bush  &amp;  marco rubio  with  florida man,  makes political news better
florida man drives a 9-foot missile 30 miles down a major road and nobody notices
naked florida man arrested while seeking enlightenment
florida man who stomped on american flag arrested.
store owner tackles florida man who stuffed ak47 down pants
florida man mows over ducklings, then fries them and eats them in front of a family!
florida man finds 9 pipe bombs in gifted golf bag
news video of mentally challenged kentucky man who is turned into florida man when police drive him to a bus station and give him a one-way ticket to florida. florida man then is shipped back and becomes kentucky man once again.
florida man robs 7-eleven in his pro wakeboarding team s team shirt, identified by rockstar energy drink logo
florida man stabs his roommate with a box cutter over an argument over a dirty towel
florida man robs 7-eleven in his pro wakeboarding team s team shirt, identified by rockstar energy drink logo
florida man stabs his roommate with a box cutter during an argument over a dirty towel
florida man caught stealing tvs from home in a superman shirt
florida man caught stuffing assault rifles down his pants
florida man and florida woman arrested for selling real estate on the moon
florida man cop kills drunk man laying in bed.
chinese scientists have managed to synthesize florida man
florida man accused of crashing plane into building while intoxicated
florida man in trouble for meditating nude on a busy sidewalk
drunk florida man crashes cessna
convert florida man
florida man allegedly stuffs ak-47 down pants at pawn shop (warning: autoplay video)
naked florida man accidentally gets stuck on end of 100ft drawbridge
florida man, an air force pilot, traveled to brevard to meet minor
young redditor florida man wants to do the right thing by trying to help puppies, gets f***ed over by florida laws.
florida man enjoying memorial day...
remember when florida man sold non-apple apple computers?
florida man hits fire hydrant, creates new swimmin' hole.
florida man drives minivan into water, charged with dui
florida man ensnared in fifa scandal
florida man high on flakka attacked officer, said he was god, had sex with tree, police say
florida man smokes flakka, takes woman to the hospital after beating her up and threatening her
florida man is going to need a bigger boat. catches 550 lb fish from kayak
florida man and woman arrested for selling real estate on the moon
update: at least one florida man has been charged in the fifa bribery scandal
naked florida man at travel stop attempts to board bus full of teens
florida man, george zimmerman arrested for public nudity, screaming the n word and wielding a knife
florida man george zimmerman arrested for public nudity, screaming the n word and wielding a knife
florida man, george zimmerman arrested for public nudity, screaming the n word and wielding a knife
florida man lands 552-pound goliath grouper in kayak
florida man bar staff declares war on customers during memorial day festivities.
florida man arrested for trying to board a bus naked
florida man beaten, robbed in a craigslist hookup
florida man twin brothers charged after throwing bricks at each other
florida man beats relative over how she cooked eggs
florida man says wife  stuck a pair of dirty socks in his mouth 
naked florida man gets vicious sunburn while trapped on drawbridge
have a website? florida man wants to know where you live, by law.
florida man explains how to escape from the gadsden county jail with a baseball cap.
florida man arrested after drunkenly trying to shoot a raccoon on his property.
florida man bouncers knockout multiple people in restaurant brawl
florida] man found asleep inside west bradenton church will not be charged
florida man was looking for something to give his life porpus.
florida man arrested after asking sheriff for help with drug buy
florida man chokes wife for lack of fried chicken
florida preacher man loses tax-exempt status on church for alcohol-doused wet t-shirt contests, naked paint parties
florida man loses tax-exempt status for his church due to alcohol-soaked wet t-shirt contests, naked paint parties
florida man beats amputee father over cigar.
florida man taiwanese animators did an episode about city of refuge.
florida man pulls 7 teeth instead of 1, makes millions from similar procedures and says he "did nothing wrong"
florida man stops a robbery
florida man in ontario wearing just do it shirt, gets truck crushed by drawbridge counterweight. video of weight being lifted off truck in link. pics in comments.
florida man arrests dandelion for sexual relations with a minor after witnessing a six year old girl blow off it's seeds.
florida man turns himself in and demands death penalty for killing his imaginary friend.
florida man and florida woman please support local inventor of new snack gadget!
florida man gets his groove on
florida man sheriff sends in swat tank and chopper   and finds a sleeping man with food.
florida man takes kids to a drug deal gone wrong
florida man 'ginja ninja' hog-ties a bank robber
naked florida man rescued after getting stuck on top of drawbridge
florida man accused of running children's dentistry "house of horrors."
florida man tortures children at the dentist's office.
naked florida man rescued after getting stuck on drawbridge
florida man beats female cousin over the way she cooked hard boiled eggs
florida man children's dentist accused of running a "house of horrors" that included performing surgical procedures without anesthetic
florida man professor to burn confederate flag on memorial day weekend
florida man twins arrested for throwing bricks at each other
florida man steals half of his neighbor's driveway in property line dispute
florida man dentist allegedly performed unwanted procedures, abused children
florida man arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven
naked florida man currently riding raised railroad drawbridge
naked florida man swims in new river, climbs to the top of a raised railroad bridge in downtown fort lauderdale.
florida man calls 911 4x. wants a ride home and to speak to the leader or "moron county"
florida man howard s schneider: world's worst dentist
knife-wielding florida man sought by police
florida man tired of mother's nagging.
ginja ninja" florida man stops bank robbery
florida man is apparently able to fish while surfing
florida man can now buy a medium sized jug of beer.
florida man who once lost county advisory board membership after making offensive statement again loses county advisory board membership after making offensive statement.
florida man falls sleep on the green light
florida man judge, suspended for punching public defender.
hey florida man! this mistake cost local inventor the chance to be on good morning america!
florida man lights chair on fire while using lighter to look for his other lighter
florida man burns chair while trying to find his lighter with another lighter
florida man falls asleep while robbing home
florida man beats disabled woman with a "stupid stick"
florida man who landed gyrocopter on lawn of white house facing 6 charges
florida man gets intoxicated and causes $5000 worth of damage at disney world.
florida man is a dentist
florida man dentist hits/chokes patients and pulls teeth to get medicaid money
florida man puts shotgun in disabled woman s mouth, gives her daily beatings with  stupid stick': police
florida man who piloted a gyrocopter onto the capitol grounds is facing 9 years in prison
florida man jailed more than a month after woman falsely identifies his facebook profile photo as her rapist
florida man walks on beach, loses foot 2 days later
florida man and woman crash through golf cart windshield, jump into lake
florida man ran over a family of ducklings as a human family watched in horror
florida man shoots world-record 720 pound black bear.
florida man takes "i'll have your head on a spike" to a whole new level
florida man hockey team wants to keep opposing fans out of their arena
carjacker drives away with florida man on the hood.
florida man pilot who landed gyrocopter at us capitol facing 6 charges, could land up in prison.
florida man gets 50 years for decapitating girlfriend and sticking her head on a pole
florida man drives truck through his house on purpose
florida man: brevard judge's proposed fine for courtroom scuffle: $50k
florida man falls asleep while robbing home
3 year old florida man shoots 1 year old florida man after being left alone in a car
florida man falls asleep while robbing home
florida man arrested after reported plot to attack eustis police with a rocket launcher
florida man found asleep in car on highway arrested for dui
florida man uses issued free gas from his police vehicle to transfer to personal bmw.
forensic artist draws a sketch of florida man
florida man falls asleep on couch during burglary attempt
florida man stops rides at disney world due to selfie stick use
florida man denies trying to burn chair as drugs tumble from shoe
florida man college sued over forced vaginal exams
florida man to recover 700k tires dumped in ocean in failed experiment
florida man closes bankruptcy trustee firm due to bankruptcy
florida man selling golden tickets redeemable for admission to crack cocaine heaven via flying saucer (according to jesus and stevie the alien). police skeptical. alligator in custody.
florida man believes he is thor, tries to have sex with tree after trying designer drug flakka
florida man breaks into car. one problem, the cop inside.
florida man kills a 13-foot gator with a crossbow
florida man shoots his 1yr old sister in the face
florida man gets arrested for turning himself in for murdering his imaginary friend
florida man creates poop map to track homeless defecation hotspots.
coast guard finds missing [florida] man on 'bean bag' off ponce de leon inlet
florida man rides a whale shark.
florida man falls asleep on couch after breaking into sarasota house
florida man breaks into a house, falls asleep on the couch.
florida man offers discount grills but isn't actually a dentist
florida man in jail on 9 counts of cruelty to animals after intentionally running over family of ducklings with a lawnmower, backing up, smiling, and running over them again.
florida man finds murder-for-hire contract on entire family in teen son s bedroom
florida man claims to be the bishop of the moon
florida man who goes by the name "rhino" may have a grenade launcher
florida man is in jail after he allegedly offered undercover officers unlicensed dental services at the sunshine flea market in west palm beach
florida man does islam
florida man does... islam?
florida man runs over family of ducklings in front of a, "human family".
hey florida man, check out the new must-have kitchen gadget for your chips! invented here in tampa
florida man farts a perfect major seventh arpeggio in the key of b flat and it is a beautiful thing.
florida man compiles map detailing the most popular places in miami to poop in the street
mattress flies from back of truck, killing florida man who was riding the mattress
florida man arrested for fondling himself in public, tells detectives that he likes to do this on a "regular basis"
florida man mows over baby ducklings. laughs about it.
florida man leads nation in boating accidents, fatalities.
florida man smashes wrong car
florida man smashes up wrong car, thinking it belonged to his friend, actually belonged to friend's neighbour.
florida man smashes up a car he thougt was his friend's, actually belonged to friend's neighbour.
florida man mail thief caught after writing apology letters
florida man murders his imaginary friend and then turns himself in
nude florida man  kinda wanted to be tased 
florida man kills ducks with riding lawnmower
florida man in a uk newspaper
florida man kills wife in front of people at their 711 store after an argument
florida man arrested in ny for murder charges.
hot florida man steals $40k worth of a/c equipment.
florida man accused of killing nine ducklings with a lawnmower
florida man v florida's public records laws
florida man runs poorly-timed advertising on front page of newspaper
florida man - is an idiot
florida man signs 64-ounce growler bill into law
florida man with 666 tattoo on forehead gets arrested for causing a drunken church scene
florida man runs over a family of ducklings as human family looks on
florida man grieves imaginary loss
florida man stomps drone on public beach because it 'made him mad'
florida man runs over ducklings with lawnmower
florida man arrested for fondling himself in public, tells deputies he likes to do this on a "regular basis"
florida man arrested fondling himself in public, tells detectives that he likes to do this on a "regular basis"
florida man marries himself
florida man suspended for using racially charged image macro
forgetful florida man brings contraband to jail
florida man wearing only underwear claims to be god; tased at tallahassee airport
florida man steals $1,100 worth of frozen pizza.
florida man punches shark to stop attack
florida man punches shark to stop attack
florida man breaks into house to watch the victims sleep
florida man (pediatric dentist) named in class action lawsuit for systematically engaging in torture and abuse of mostly poor children. read the actual complaint here.
florida man rick scott signs 64oz growler bill into law
florida man turns himself in for killing his imaginary friend
florida man kidnaps 14yo niece, takes her to four corners area of us, steals fuel from gas station and leads police to navajo reservation where man and niece evidently killed themselves.
florida man charged with felony criminal mischief after he hits the wrong car with a baseball bat.
florida band gets invaded by british man
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns self in
florida man teen girl secretly gives birth in bathroom, strangles infant, and throws it away.
how florida's proud open government laws lead to the shame of "florida man" news stories
fake florida man turns himself in for murdering imaginary friend.
florida man fired after hearse he was driving to funeral carrying an army veteran is seen at dunkin' donuts.
florida man punches shark that bit him
florida man tries to cash 368 billion dollar check
florida man driving a hearse makes a stop for doughnuts with a flag-draped coffin in the back
florida man teen girl secretly gives birth in bathroom, strangles infant, and throws him away.
florida woman threatens man with knife, grabs deputy's 'junk' 3 times
florida man arrested for releasing balloons (/xpost from /r/politics)
florida man is on drugs, kills imaginary friend &amp; turns himself in.
the history and background of florida man
florida man ranks the best florida man tweets
florida man arrested after growing 89 pot plants in state forest
florida man wanted for shooting panther in wildlife refuge
honorary florida man nomination: motorist strips naked and kills himself by jumping head-first off a church organ after he rear-ends a woman's car in switzerland
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns self in, requests death penalty
nearly nude florida man tased at tallahassee airport
florida man hearse driver makes donut run on way to funeral
florida man proposes to stabbing survivor at tampa bay rays game
florida man with "666" tattoo on his forehead causes a drunken disturbance inside a church
florida man police officer punished for sending a text of fuko
florida man tells his wife to get some exercise
florida man busted for selling pot, marijuana laced gummy bears out of a novelty store.
florida man suffers heart attack while driving past cardiologist office
florida man chucks rock at cop car because president obama "is trying to **** my mind up"
florida man punches shark who attacked him, saves self
florida man arrested in double-sided ax attack
florida man catches bk worker dumping oil down the storm drain (cross post from /r/videos)
florida man tries to cash $368 billion check to open an underwater italian restaurant
florida man turns himself in for murdering his imaginary friend
florida man ran naked through a neighborhood, tried to have sex with a tree and told police he was the mythical god thor
man shoots florida man george zimmerman in self-defense.
florida man punches shark in the face.
florida man kills his imaginary friend, turns himself in, and takes a very emotional mugshot
florida man kills imaginary friend, turns himself in, and demands death penalty
florida man sets sights on underwater eatery, attempts to cash out a check for over 300 billion dollars.
florida man, florida teen, die in apparent double suicide after new mexico car chase.
florida man proposes to florida woman he saved the life of after her ex boyfriend stabbed her 32 times.
florida man kills imaginary friend and turns himself in, takes world's saddest mugshot
both hapless and harebrained,  florida man  enlivens internet
florida man huffing and "jumping around" on train tracks (again) was apprehended (again) at the nearby kmart (again).
florida man beguiles with the hapless and harebrained (nyt on floridaman)
florida man stabs wife in front of teenage daughter - on mother's day
florida man stabs wife in front of teenage daughter - mother's day weekend
naked florida man scares girl in hotel pool
florida man resists arrest and real jerk to cop captured on video. hilarity ensues.
florida man tries to cash check for $368 billion to open italian restaurant
florida man charged with robbing store after hitching ride, talking about what he did
florida man gave children acid, alcohol
florida man would still wage with iraq, in spite of proven faulty intelligence; believes he's qualified to be president because of his stubbornness.
florida man tries to rob esports players, scared off by shampoo bottle
14-year-old florida man arrested for putting photo of men kissing in his teacher's computer
high on meth, florida man surfs atop moving cars
florida man george zimmerman involved in another shooting
florida man shot in face. no arrests yet.
florida man, george zimmerman involved in another shooting incident.
florida man (yep, that one) involved in suspected road rage shooting
infamous florida man shot after disagreement
florida man at burger king caught dumping used oil into sewer
florida man george zimmerman injured in shooting ... possible road rage incident
florida man george zimmerman shot in face during ongoing dispute with another florida man
super florida man george zimmerman shot in florida, suffers minor injury
this florida man needs no introduction
og florida man at it again
florida man not shot in face. makes the news anyways
florida man:  i just shot george zimmerman, call 911! 
in strange twist florida man shoots george zimmerman
florida man posing as doctor sexually assaults victim who was helping him move.
florida man sells pot, marijuana laced gummy bears at a novelty store
florida man how to
how to make a good /r/floridaman post
zoinks! florida man edition
fishing florida man gets busted for possession of an undersized fish, meth, paraphernalia, and violating his probation. was given a warning for expired emergency flare.
knife-wielding florida man maces garbage truck to get his imaginary girlfriend back.
test your knowledge of florida man!
florida man arrested for fraud after attempting to cash $368 billion check from 1990s that he purchased from homeless man to fulfill his lifelong dream of opening an underwater italian restaurant that seats 30 million people
florida man jailed for allegedly stealing a milk crate
florida homeless man tries cashing $368 billion check to open undersea italian restaurant
naked florida man scares girl in hotel pool, gets into fight
this sign is perfectly showing why siesta beach is the best marriage location for florida man and woman
florida man, burger king employee caught dumping used oil into sewer
florida man sports a new look
florida man blows me away! [x post from r/wtf]
florida man tries to cash $300 billion check to open 80 million square foot italian restaurant before being arrested for possession of bath salts.
florida man opts to spread message of have via wifi network name
florida man opts to spread message of hate via wifi network name
florida man governor blames president obama for lack of health care funds, after refusing to accept funds from president obama.
florida man tries to cash 368 billion dollar check to start an italian restaurant.
florida man steals $271,000 of crab using a forklift and wearing a mask
florida man tries to cash $368 billion check
florida man wrestles 7ft bull shark to shore to recover nephews severed arm.
florida man governor concedes that he lied when he said that the 2013 death of his mother changed his perspective on expanding healthcare to floridians.
florida man busted wearing "i do dumb things" shirt...
florida man uses mother's death to lie about giving people medicaid
florida man bribes kids w/ drugs to do chores
florida man, woman bribe kids to do chores by giving them weed, cocaine
florida man chokes physician s assistant with stethoscope
florida man please check out locals invention that replaces the old flimsy chip clip.
florida man says he got infected by flesh-eating bacteria while swimming at the beach, and he's not letting "doctors" or "test results" tell him otherwise.
florida man attempts to cash $368 billion check
florida man &amp; florida woman "you should arrest jesus"
florida man rapes florida woman, says he thought she was his wife and "didn't mean to touch her"
florida man steals, then returns chain, says it wasn't real gold, police say
knife-wielding florida robber man corners victim in elevator &amp; is then awkwardly stuck with her for the ride
florida man takes cop car on joy ride
knife-wielding florida man robs victim in elevator &amp; then is awkwardly stuck with her for the ride
florida man. cocaine for chores: florida parents used drugs as  bargaining tool  with their kids
florida man fan arrested after bringing gun to tampa bay lightning game
florida man facing charge for bringing gun to tampa bay lightning-montreal canadiens playoff game
11 year-old florida man/child accidently shoots his twin brother while his mom left them alone (with some guns) to go shopping
florida man &amp; woman accused of bribing their 13 &amp; 14 year old kids with marijuana &amp; cocaine to attend school &amp; do chores
florida man, florida woman accused of smoking pot, snorting cocaine with daughters
florida man gives his teenage step daughters cocaine and marijuana as a reward for going to school and doing household chores
florida man and florida woman must register as sex offenders after sex on crowded beach
florida man tries to cash check for $368 billion; charged with forgery, unlawfully carrying chinese throwing stars, and the possession of bath salts
florida man arrested for bringing gun into lightning-canadiens playoff game
a multi-millionaire first term congressman florida is still a florida man
florida man apparently gets around
watch: florida man robs old woman on elevator and then has to ride with her
florida man dives from the window of a police car in an attempt to escape from a cocaine bust
florida man chokes physician's assistant with stethoscope over his pain pill prescription
florida man sues hospital after amputated leg found in trash
florida man uses a stethoscope to choke physicians assistant
florida man on the lam for nearly 56 years finally apprehended
florida man lures 8-year-old with ice cream
florida man holding girlfriend hostage foiled by pizza app
man on lam since 1959 caught in florida
former gymnastics instructor florida man arrested for public masturbation
florida man, frank freshwater, formally a prisoner at "shawshank" who has been on the run for 56 years, has been found and arrested.
florida man prisoner sues tampa pd for bowel movement-inducing body slam
florida man &amp; florida woman facing 15 years after being charged for sex on the beach.
florida man attempting to trade a gator for a gat in akron, ohio
florida man robs granny in an elevator &amp; gets stuck (temporarily)
florida man crime foiled by pizza order
florida man attempts to cash 368 billion dollar check
florida man holds girlfriend and her child hostage, florida woman uses pizza hut to get rescued
florida man keeps stealing police cars and taking them for joy rides
florida man falls 30 feet in water after changing tire goes wrong
florida man tries to cash 368 billion dollar check.
florida man arrested for urinating in hotel ice machine
florida man beats model, bystander and gets vacation
florida man sues hospital after police find his amputated leg in garbage
florida man caught on video surfing on moving cars while high
florida man arrested after 56 years on the run!!
florida man lets it all hang out on his front porch
florida man and florida woman found guilty of having sex on beach - must register as sex offenders
florida man orchestrates theft of $271,000 of king crab (fyi - not winston)
police: florida man high on meth caught on video  surfing  atop moving cars
florida man breaks up with girlfriend, whines about job
florida man punched a jimmy john's worker because he didn't get his sandwich fast enough
florida man tries to get imaginary girlfriend away from garbage truck using knife, pepper-spray
can we changed the acronym wtf to mean welcome to florida (florida man)
florida man arrested in melbourne after 56yrs on the run
florida man snatches jewelry off a tourist, comes back to confront him because it's fake
florida man arrested for trying to free imaginary wife frome garbage truck.
fingerprint ruse ids florida man as ohio escapee from 1959
florida man saves woman from samurai sword wielding attacker
florida man: the documentary (2015) now available via stream.
florida man charged with setting up a fake escort service in ny
florida man peeping at dollar tree, spotted because of his hairy knee. she screams but he's not even sorry.
florida man tells cops someone else put the loaded gun in his lap
florida man unclear on tire-changing technique; falls into bay
florida man steals another cop car, delivers it to the portmiami tunnel.
florida man fresh out of jail attempts rape within hours
florida man sues hospital after his leg found in the garbage
florida man sues hospital after amputated leg found in trash
florida man, high on meth, surfs cars.
florida man tries to cash $368 billion check - his reason why is great!
florida man and florida woman convicted of having sex on beach
young florida man hires florida teen to kill florida parents
florida man and woman face 15 years for having sex on a family beach
florida man sues hospital for throwing amputated leg into garbage
florida man attempts to cash $368 billion check to start an italian restaurant
florida man arrested while attempting to cash $368 billion check to open underwater restaurant
florida man fights off tattooed assailant carrying a knife and two samurai swords, orders calzone
florida man(40) and florida woman(20) on trial for a mid sunday afternoon sex session on the beach in front of horrified families.
florida man arrested for attempting to cash a 368 billion dollar check...and possession of ninja stars.
florida man attempts to cash $368 billion check [ft. bath salts and ninja stars]
florida man allegedly high on meth surfs on stranger's car in manalapan
florida man, allegedly high on meth, surfs on stranger's car
florida man run over by his own car (that he was driving!)
florida man sues hospital after leg found in trash
florida man gets shitty email....
florida man spots reptilian humanoid alien inside car, takes photos
florida man, armed with handgun, has sex with pit bull in front of neighbors
florida man tips off police about identity thiefs after breaking into their home
florida man arrested for stealing 500 pounds of aluminum thanks to homeless man
florida man claims spotting reptilian humanoid inside vehicle, takes pictures
florida man lost a prosthetic leg at an easter egg hunt
florida man killed after breaking into neighbor's home looking for 'black mind control box'
naked florida man tries to steal car from man offering clothes
florida man high on meth surfing on stranger's speeding car caught on video
florida man decides to have some fun with passengers at miami international airport
man sues florida hospital after his leg found in the garbage
florida man shoots and kills critically endangered florida panther
florida man, 82, arrested after allegedly grabbing neighbor's neck in dispute over doorbell issue
fcc fines florida man $25k for jamming radio frequencies used by nearby jail
florida man runs naked through florida neighborhood, tried to have sex with a tree, and told police he was the mythical god thor.
florida man showing up strong on yahoo! news
florida man and woman arrested for stealing more than $300 in meat products from grocery store
florida man surfs on cars, runs around like a monkey
i got behind a florida man who decided to print out his mantras on paper and stick them to his bumper with tape.
florida man runs naked through neighborhood, tries to have sex with tree and tells police he is the mythical god thor
florida man tries new drug, attempts to have sex with tree, tells police he is the mythical god thor
florida man shoots roommate dead over pork chops
florida man ran naked through neighborhood, tried to have sex with a tree and told police he was the mythical god thor.
florida man guilty of stealing dead mother's benefit checks
florida man &amp; florida woman arrested for trying to steal $400 in meat, 2 packs of detergent, &amp; 3 water filters by stuffing it in florida woman's pants
scientists analyze the effect of heat on the brain of florida man
florida man told to not vape on plane, man says "fuck you!" and takes swings at the crew.
florida man arrested for peeing in hotel ice machine
florida man / calzone enthusiast fights off samurai sword-wielding attacker, saves woman's life
florida man prefers an elegant weapon for more civilized age.
florida man continues to invoke  stand your ground  and president bush to dismiss murder case
florida-man: the movie
dr. florida man is under fire hurting child patients.
florida man falls asleep during a sailboat burglary with a gift bag on his head, can't be woken by police.
florida man (pediatric dentist) allegedly preyed on poor kids for over 40 years, apparently has never been investigated
florida teen fends off florida man from stabbing a woman to death in dollar general. florida man later apprehended, was carrying two samurai swords.
bull has a thing for florida man deputy s patrol car
florida man student on lsd attacked students. the man shouted,  bring me to florida!  before being wheeled away.
florida man and his buddy pump 100 rounds in to neighbor's home, van and cow
florida man exposes genitals to teens, didn t realize penis fell out of pants
florida man discovers treasure horde and skeletal hand in his attic
florida man finds, shoots guy his wife was chatting with online
kansas man is much better than florida man
florida man arrested for urinating in hotel ice machine. (a different one this time.)
florida man tries to cash $368 billion dollar check to open a underwater italian restaurant
florida man and ethics professor steals $30,000 from local university
florida man holds neighbor hostage, searches home for "mind box."
florida man holding a bible, rambling about religious matters, punches cop and gets arrested
florida man gets cop car molested by roaming bull
religious florida man punches cop while holding bible
florida man holding bible arrested after allegedly slugging deputy
florida man decapitates mom because of her nagging, leaves head in trash can
florida man finds wife facebooking old friend, goes to his home, shoots him
florida man finds treasure, skeleton hand in attic
florida man tries to trade live alligator for beer
florida man has sex with his pit bull in front of his neighbors.
meanwhile in gainesville, fl - florida man (bull) caught on camera mounting deputy's cruiser.
florida man who calls himself "squirrel" arrested after threatening to bomb the irs.
florida man tased after taking lsd and pulling fire alarm in college library
florida man goes missing from his boat for two weeks and then turns up, admits to faking his disappearance.
florida man chases shark for a picture, receives massive bite instead.
florida representative man who voted for drug testing welfare recipients busted on cocaine charges
son of florida man wants to know how much to sue school for when caught selling mind-altering brownies
florida man arrested for urinating into hotel's ice maker.
jealous florida man who is spider man stabs neighbor in leg
florida man exposes himself to several women while touching himself
florida man stabs woman, boyfriend knocks him out.
watch florida man sheriff david morgan edumacate about "black culture"
naked florida man tries to steal car from person offering him clothes
florida man, 64, sues google for age discrimination
florida man swims in front of 9 ft. shark and gets bitten (xpost from /r/sharks)
florida man to be able to buy bigger beers
florida man fired for ignoring 911 call from dying woman so he could finish his pizza
florida man looking to harpoon a whale (x-post from /r/321)
florida man sells a lamer.
florida man goes to a hockey game with a sign.
florida man and florida woman arrested for selling "marijuana licenses"
florida man steals cooler of ice cream from gas station
dashcam video shows unarmed florida man being shot by palm beach county deputy
florida man sex offenders make a state mandated music video.
florida man kills his grandmother, throws her body in a dumpster, and then uses her debit card to buy a pack of gum... only in florida
florida man plans to open a "machine gun" theme park in florida near disney world
florida man hauls off entire ice cream cooler while other florida man sleeps on the job
florida man robs family dollar gets caught counting money in truck
florida man fraternity members spit on wounded veterans attending a hotel retreat
florida man accused of slapping boy who wanted to play
naked florida man breaks into house through the roof, defecates on the floor, drinks the contents of the vacuum cleaner then masturbates after being held on gunpoint by the homeowner's wife.
florida man steals grandmother's debit card and buys pack of gum...
florida man bitten by water moccasin he kept on his bed
florida man wearing "i do dumb things" shirt charged with car burglary.
florida man bitten by water moccasin (poisonous snake) he kept in a pillowcase on his bed
florida man tries to burn and drown wife on her birthday
florida man: univ. of florida suspends frat over abuse of wounded vets
florida man sneaks ice cream cooler past sleeping store clerk -- charged with grand theft
florida man arrested after jacksonville girl is punched, stomped, dragged by hair for school incident
florida man bitten while kissing venomous snake
florida man kicks overweight girl out of bar claiming she's pregnant, friend was like  what's going on? are you serious? she's not pregnant.  and he said,  well that's fine, get your fat ass out too,  
florida man could see jail time after being bitten by venomous snake he was keeping as a pet
florida man takes police car on a joy ride
florida man goes on a legal rampage [xpost /r/conspiritard]
florida man (who happens to be a sheriff) whitesplains that racism doesn't exist because some black people have been elected to office
florida man regrets kissing a snake
florida man and county sheriff shares his opinions on "black culture" - usa not racist because obama, holder, and powell
florida man spends $500k trolling future archaeologists
florida man...turns out to be british, actually.
florida man bitten on face by water moccasin he kept in pillowcase on his bed.
florida man nearly killed when cottonmouth snake he kept as a pet bites him | daily mail online
not florida man] check before you post something for the 5th time!
florida man gets bitten on face by water moccasin he kept in bed.
florida man shoots computer in fit of rage
florida man douses wife with gasoline, tries to drown her
florida man recovering after bite to face by deadly snake he tried to kiss
imported florida man urinated in hotel ice machine, police say
florida man recovering after kissing venomous snake on the lips
florida man steals bosses gun, threatens people driving on the highway, then attacks a random couple because he can't find his ex &amp; her new boyfriend
florida man adopts venomous snake, realizes too late he probably should not
florida man bitten attempting to kiss venomous snake
florida man keeps snake under pillow. gets bit
florida man kisses a cottonmouth snake!
florida man carjacks... naked.
florida man hospitalized after attempt to kiss venomous snake
florida man cops waging war on floridamen black bicycle riders floridamen journalists say
florida man named elvis breaks down a door with a pickaxe during a family argument over stolen beer
florida man casually watches boat burn after crashing dealership's plane into it.
florida man swims away from lifeguards, gets in hot water with deputies
central florida man accused of beating, strangling dog
florida man gets bit in the lip by a water moccasin he caught and kept in bed with him.
florida man arrested for stealing from elderly priest
florida man sheriff david morgan shares his opinions on "black culture" - black people you're not african americans &amp; blacks embrace thug culture.
florida woman threw boiling water on sleeping florida man
florida man who kept cottonmouth in pillow case bitten on mouth.
florida man possibly high on synthetic drugs throws bags of drugs into the street, headbutts police, poops on floor.
florida man bitten on face by water moccasin he kept on his bed
florida man surprise attacked by giant tegu lizard.
florida man bitten in face by poisonous water moccasin
florida man kills donkey in accident
florida man drops 75 pounds of cocaine through roof of crime watch meeting.
florida man accused microwaving neighbor's wallet
florida man tries having sex with tree, attempts to stab officer with badge
florida man sets trailer on fire to hide meth from deputies
florida man lands his gyrocopter on capitol lawn!
florida man (in training) robs 20 houses for gold to melt down into gold teeth.
homeless florida man tells people to suck his black d*ck
florida man accused of urinating in middle of street, directing traffic
florida man burglarizes home while owners are present, then strips down and showers using the garden hose.
florida man accused of strangling dog with shoelace
florida man crashes plane into boat.
they thought florida man died 2 years ago, but he just got arrested in north carolina
florida man cop:'the crack is not for me, it's for my wife'
florida man with tom brady helmet tattoo arrested for narcotics
florida man attacks restaurant employee with nun-chucks.
florida man middle earth meets in the in-flight experience
florida man: some dozier reform school boys were fed to hogs
florida man and university of florida football player jc jackson arrested after armed robbery
florida man dies as a result of cockroach eating contest
florida man signs 1-year contract with philadelphia eagles
florida man buys burmese pythons, they grow too large, released into wild, now they are eating the state.
florida man loses 4 fingers in golden coral meat grinder
florida man has sex with tree, attacks cop with own badge while high on flakka
florida man needs to be careful now when he's out buying ass, new laws for soliciting prostitution in florida on the horizon
florida man burglarizes homes, spits on their floors before stripping down and taking a shower with their garden hose.
florida man burglarizes homes, spits on owners' floors before stripping down and taking a shower with their garden hose.
florida man shot by florida woman after he injured her pelvis during craigslist sex hook-up
florida man is a scientist. (more stories in his following comment)
florida man stabs employee for not giving him computer password
florida man shot after attacking deputy with sword
florida man has lawsuit filed against him by the oprah winfrey network for impersonating oprah winfrey's nephew, johnny depp's manager, a barack obama aide and madonna's manager
florida man and florida women arrested for violating morality ordinance at a gentlemen's club
florida man high on flakka rapes tree
naked florida man who claims to be thor assaults police officer then performs acts with a tree.
naked florida man who claims to be thor assaults police officer and performs sex acts with a tree.
florida man memorizes stolen credit card info so he can stay at luxury hotels
florida man trending on facebook
florida man gets pulled over by swat because his girlfriend flipped them off
homeless florida man finds lost bank account.
florida man has shark in backyard.
florida man asks neighbor for work, gets turned down, starts sharpening machete on neighbor's front yard
florida man bites shih tzu dog, tears eye out of socket
florida man arrested for landing gyrocopter on white house lawn
florida man demands florida woman see his artwork, which turns out to be swastikas
florida man attacks sleeping friend with cinder block. *bonus-- front page news misspell
drunken florida man bites dog in the face, takes out its eye
florida man attacks japanese restaurant employee with nunchucks.
florida man (who happens to be a police officer) arrested for purchasing cocaine, tells police "the crack is not for me...it's for my wife"
florida man is at it again. i love my state.
florida man arrested after burning car found in durant cemetery
porn-addicted florida man (a friend of mines former "crush") throws semen at unsuspecting shopper at wallmart
florida man has sex with tree
florida man gets $240k to end lawsuit claiming police beat him, planted drugs to arrest him on charges later dropped
florida man submits bid to build a replica of noah's ark and "healing temple" on multimillion dollar waterfront property, says "god wants to make a final stand"
florida man mailman delivers a message to congress, in person, with a gyrocopter.
florida man chews out temporary florida men and women for spring break criminality
florida man lands a gyrocopter on capitol lawn, hoping to send a message
florida man saves miami officer from shooter:  how could i not? 
florida man arrested for arson for microwaving neighbors wallet during dispute
florida man pulls out a machete during an argument over money
florida man high on bath salts has sex with a tree and calls himself thor
florida man masturbated in walmart bathroom and flung bodily fluids on unsuspecting florida woman
florida man on flakka claimed to be thor, sexually assaulted a tree
canada man teaches florida women to pole dance in 2 million dollar mansion
florida man allegedly had sex with a tree before stabbing a cop with his own badge
florida man high on flakka has sex with tree, claims he is god and attacks an officer with his own badge.
florida man uses a baby as a human shield
florida man spends his days yelling at public college students to 'repent or go to hell'
florida man posts craigslist ad bragging about counterfeiting skills, gets arrested
florida man arrested for impersonating police officer after pulling over two undercover detectives
florida man impersonating an officer pulls over detectives.
florida man knows his rights!
florida man landed on the lawn of the capitol in gyrocopter to deliver campaign reform message to congress
florida man goes to washington
naked florida man high on "flakka" and calling himself god fucks a tree then fights police officer
florida man tries to deliver letters to congress in a helicopter on the capitol lawn
florida man lands gyrocopter on capitol lawn
florida man lands helicopter in front of us capitol
florida man just landed gyrocopter on capitol lawn.
florida man lands on lawn of us capitol
florida man is a buttface
florida man lands helicopter bicycle on capitol lawn, saves democracy.
florida man lands home-made helicopter on capitol hill lawn, makes demands
the adventures of florida man subreddit is now live
florida man arrested for landing small helicopter on capitol lawn
florida man declares himself god, accused of attacking cop, having sex with tree
florida man admits to playing key role in flooding eastern kentucky with pain pills read more here: http://www.kentucky.com/2015/04/15/3802673/florida-man-admits-to-playing.html#storylink=cpy
florida man lands aircraft on capitol lawn. florida man just wanted to deliver congress a letter.
florida man of brazilian extraction attempts to ban artistic influence by suing anyone whose works look like his own
florida man describes his lovers pwussy
florida man found safe and sound.
florida man steals tv news van, crackhead found in passenger seat
florida man tries to sell tickets to heaven
florida man police are using military apc to pull people over
florida man tries to microwave a wallet
florida man flips cops off and gets pulled over by camouflaged cops in armored car (xpost r/gnv)
florida man caught the herp, gives it to lover, gets sued.
florida man pulled over by tank for flipping off cop while getting a blowjob.
florida man kills armadillo, but ricochet gunshot hits mother-in-law
florida man pretends he's a cop, pulls over detectives
florida man uses craiglist ad, own phone number, to sell counterfeit $20s
assault rifle wielding florida man shoots cop and witness then steals police car.
man who was kicked out of florida bar lights bouncer on fire
florida man who was kicked out of bar lights bouncer on fire
florida man charged with hacking felony for changing computer wallpaper
florida man bites shih tzu named cujo
florida man' bites shih tzu named cujo, rips dog's eye out of socket
young florida man arrested, charged for changing teacher's computer desktop background
how hilarious would it be if "florida man" was an actual scripted show on adult swim, in the style of the old justice league cartoons?
florida man cops pull over florida man civilian in an armored tank
florida man crashes car into house. blames it on a bug.
florida man runs for president of the untied states of america
florida man warned about stalking nuisance squirrels, police say
florida cops use tank (armored military vehicle) for routine traffic stop, assault florida man for flipping them off
florida man dresses up in bear suit to protest hunting.
florida man charged with masturbating in front of mother, 3 children
florida man crashes helicopter while using facetime
florida man sets bouncer on fire
florida man sets bouncer on fire after he gets kicked out for hustling pool
florida man declares war on invasive, cat-eating lizards
florida man takes a trip to ohio
florida man sets other man on fire over bar tab in port st lucie.
florida man pretends to be a cop and tries to pull over real cops, gets arrested
florida man impersonates police officer, accidentally pulls over real police officer
florida man sets bouncer set on fire after bar argument
florida woman arrested after 102yr old man found severely malnourished
florida man wearing 'i have drugs' t-shirt arrested on drug possession charges, police say
police warn florida man to stop stalking squirrels
florida man arrested for cat crucifixion
florida man] forced [neighbor] onto high-rise balcony, microwaved his wallet
florida man hijacks car at gunpoint, leads police on 90-minute "slow speed" chase, even slowing to talk to pedestrians and throw cash out the window.
florida man shoots 13 of his neighbor's goats
florida [young] man charged with felony for using teacher's password to access computer
florida man rescued after being stranded at sea for 32 hours
florida man asks tampa federal judge to bar kim kardashian, kanye west from florida
florida man publicly exposing self to girlfriend tells cops he s not a pervert
florida man breaks into ex s home, poops on everything
florida man stabs neighbor over meat storage
florida man arrested after hitting car, building, tree and bush. attempts to flee hospital [video in comments]
florida man arrested for attacking a bus driver with a snickers bar
florida man arrested for throwing a snickers bar at a bus driver
florida man accused of hitting bus driver with snickers bar
florida man chucks a snickers bar at a bus driver
florida man threatens to kill professor over bad grade
florida man wears a wildly inappropriate t-shirt to court
florida man goes a little overboard with their rendition of "good fences make good neighbors."
florida man tries to steal honey, gets attacked by 30,000 bees
machete wielding florida man steals computers from wal-mart.
florida man attacks police with samurai sword.
florida man attacks a police officer with a samurai sword.
florida man sells counterfeit money on craigslist. arrested.
florida man crucifies cat
florida man has an influence on patton oswalt
florida man poops on his ex-girlfriends' things
florida woman covers florida man in bbq sauce, chases him with knives
florida man is selling his laptop(x-post from r/techsupportgore)
florida man (cop) teaching horse to paint.
florida man (my dumbass friend) steals roommates playstation, and car to go sell it.
florida man used nunchucks in road rage incident, police say
florida man and his wife, florida woman are now starting to have fan fiction written about their adventures. here's one such fictional story.
florida man accused of crucifying cat
florida man tries attacking a summer camp with a piece of glass
florida man deputy: planting evidence, lying, part of the game
florida man attacks cop with samurai sword
florida man breaks into ex's home, defecates on belongings
florida man on  flakka  impaled while trying to climb fence
florida man steals a box of chicken from church's [video]
florida man files lawsuit attempting to keep kanye west out of the state
florida man attacks shark in surf and makes it his dinner (bobcat)
florida man threatens driver with nunchakus in a road rage incident
florida man swings nunchakus in road rage incident: police
florida man arrested for killing alligator outside home
florida man claiming to have hiv robs brevard bank with syringe
florida man crashes his car through a fence, onto a baseball field, while getting driving lessons from his teenage son.
florida man crashes his car through a fence, onto a baseball field, while getting driving lessons from his teenage son, tries to leave the scene of the accident.
florida man who burned koran is running for president
florida man streaker high on 'flakka' said he'd 'rather die than be caught' by imaginary pursuers
florida man arrested after gator found in son's bedroom
florida man arrested over alligator in son's bedroom
streaking florida man on flakka claims people stole his clothes
well-intended florida man keeps throwing gopher turtles into the ocean.
florida man shoots someone while holding a baby in his arms
florida man willing to wear a wire and rat out jesus. complete with golden tickets, a baby alligator, and a planet made of crack.
florida man and woman arrested for selling gold tickets to heaven
florida man keeps alligator in son's room
florida man busted on laser charge had marijuana in rectum
florida man shoots ex-girlfriend as she drives him through tampa
florida man catches bear eating his easter candy inside his home.
florida man disney world employee masturbated, flung bodily fluids on woman at walmart
florida man arrested for phony dollar general store bomb threat
florida man takes over jacksonville subreddit
florida man takes a picture of a bobcat catching a shark on the beach
florida man snaps a picture of a bobcat catching a shark on beach
baseball game delayed because florida man forgot to close the roof.
florida man catches bobcat pulling shark out of the ocean
florida man turns down free blowjob
edward snowden does not miss florida man
florida man and woman sell golden tickets for guaranteed entrance to heaven
florida man governor (jeb bush) registers to vote as hispanic, his spokesperson has no idea why
florida man x3 in hospital for steeling honey from bees.
florida man for a day: teen bites hamster's head off
florida man denied entry into movie theater for carrying oversized cookie monster bag, says he s victim of gender bias
police florida man faces charges for slapping homeless man
florida man caught on google maps has batman logo cut into his receding hairline.
florida man wishes 800,000 fellow floridians to die a quick, low-cost death
florida man shocked after being charged with a felony for keeping live alligator in son's bedroom, said "i didn't think it was a big deal."
florida man and his buddies try to steal honey; get attacked by 30,000 bees.
florida man ran from crash scene, left id behind
florida man wearing cookie monster bag says theater discriminated against him
saw florida man driving today.
florida man drives badly, then shows a gun anyways.
florida man accused of pointing a laser at drivers is later found with marijuana in his rectum
florida man shines laser light into eyes of drivers, bag of pot falls from man's rectum following arrest
florida man left joint in car, and a little kid smoked it
florida man creates sign for fake drug checkpoint ahead. arrests drivers for throwing drugs out window.
florida man is an african warlord.
florida man (and friends) attacked by enormous bee swarm
florida man hospitalized after being attacked by 20,000-30,000 bees.
florida man needs a lawyer?
florida man invents a tastier way to fight the culture wars
pedophile florida man is discovered molesting a child, is beaten unconscious and gets 25 years
florida man pulls sons tooth with his camero.
florida man wants to touch breasts, lies in median, bushes
florida man charged with murder in new jersey.
florida man arrested for flinging semen at a woman in a supermarket.
florida man rapper (plies) gets thrown off stage by angry fan while screaming out "color money"
florida man airlifted to hospital after shark bite
florida man" has better approval ratings in florida than gov. rick scott
florida man thought having a pet gator was cool
florida man guilty of murdering orlando roommate, raping corpse
florida man caught seeking tickets to heaven (x-post from r/wtf)
florida man stabs another florida man over a game of dominoes
florida man wants to know what the word 'wall' means
florida (wo)man kicks cop in groin, offers to kiss the boo boo
florida man maserati theft suspect claimed he bought luxury car for $300
in 1967, florida man pours acid in "whites only" pool while black people swam
florida man faces potential animal cruelty charges after biting off a hamster s head on spring break
florida man: "as god is my witness, i thought gopher tortoises could swim."
florida man murders and desecrates roommate because he was embarrassed he couldn't pay rent.
wildlife officials forced to remind florida man that tortoises cannot swim
florida man takes the kids to cici's pizza
florida man arrested for firing a flare gun at another boater over an anchoring spot.
florida man willing to wear a wire and set jesus up
florida man arrested for attempted purse snatching outside jaxson's ice cream parlor
found florida man at work today...
did florida man move to fort worth?
florida man breaks into home and poops on ex-girlfriend's belongings
florida man and florida woman arrested for selling "golden tickets to heaven."
florida man invents flow thru ventilation. (x-post from r/shitty_car_mods by request)
florida man (a police officer) suspended for coming to work drunk
florida man listens to audio porn, masturbates in walmart, wipes body fluids on hefty trash bags
florida man wants to get the whole world pregnant
florida man caught on video stalking girls in walmart while touching himself inappropriately.
florida man paid $75 to protest something he doesn't actually understand
florida man: happy to be here
florida man pretended to be retired admiral to get veteran perks
florida man and woman arrested in jacksonville for selling tickets to heaven behind a kfc.
florida man prison workers were kkk members, plotted to kill black inmate
florida man, sporting neck brace in mug shot, accused of having sex with minor 'too many times to remember'
florida man accused of posing as english pink floyd guitarist and singer david gilmour and as rush guitarist alex lifeson during hospital stays
florida woman calls 911 to say she hired hit man to kill florida governor so she could be deported
til vintage florida man
florida man uses camaro to pull kid's tooth
florida man bites off head of hamster for spring break. peta investigates.
florida man grabbed genitals in front of little girl, police say
florida man arrested for throwing banana peel at dave chapelle, blames "irony"
florida man breaks into ex's house and shits all over everything.
florida man breaks into ex's house and shits on the floor.
florida man uses camaro to pull out son's loose tooth
florida man and florida woman were filmed piling children in the trunk of a car before leaving cici s pizza.
florida man pants-less, gyrating, cursing and throwing things from across the canal at his wife and daughter
florida man drives golf cart off 2nd floor of beach condominium
florida man cleared in double murder case after 3 years in jail
florida man faces federal charges after taking an injured owl on a booze cruise
florida man senator sues pizza delivery guy for wrong address confrontation.
florida man soon to be allowed to live with florida woman without benefit of marriage
florida man releases bald eagle into the everglades
florida man facing criminal charges after video of him joyriding with an owl goes viral
florida man pulls his son's tooth with a camaro...
florida man uses camaro to pull son's tooth
florida man arrested for resisting arrest.
florida man flings cup of pee at nurse for no reason
florida man plans to put up a confederate history display inside cocoa's main library during april for confederate history month.
florida man judge who told florida man public defender during a 2014 courtroom hearing that he would "beat his ass" faced an hearing panel monday,
florida man gets shot in the foot after losing a staring contest
florida man is very angry at panhandler dressed in military uniform
florida man arrested for pooping all over ex-girlfriend's house
homeland security tricks florida man into flying to puerto rico to dig up $1 million worth of cocaine, twice
florida man jogger wearing headphones hit, killed by amtrak train
florida man, florida woman cram their florida kids in the trunk of their florida car.
florida man bites head off hamster
florida man pulls his kid's tooth
florida man and his family piling into car trunk leads to investigation
florida man pulls his kid's loose tooth with a camaro ss
florida man taunts neighbor while standing outside in underwear, exposes self, police say
florida man arrested for burglary after found in boy's bed naked
florida man puts kids in the trunk at a cici's pizza parking lot, while florida woman records video and posts it on facebook.
florida man gets naked, crawls in bed with 10-year-old boy in alleged burglary attempt.
florida man fraternity member bites head off hamster.
florida man is found in attic of massage parlor with fake beard and throwing knives
guns on america's craziest college campuses looking more likely for florida man
florida man saves net neutrality. (wait, what?)
law student florida man arrested for selling mdma and attacking security guard at music festival
florida man taking texting and driving to the next level.
florida man saves the internet
florida man, a parole officer, accused of raping woman on probation during home visit
florida man attempts to steal pleasure toy for lady friend.
florida man pulls a trailer.
florida man arrested after exposing self in wendy's drive-thru
florida man swallowed drugs to avoid arrest, then died at hospital, authorities say
florida man naps on beach, gets run over by tractor.
so florida man apparently just paid my campus a visit (university of central florida)
florida man charged with human trafficking and rape gets probation.
florida men and women shot by alabama man
florida man accused of biting an 11 year old special needs student on the school bus he was driving.
47 pounds of marijuana seized at gulf breeze post office after an unknown florida man tries to mail it
florida man calls taxi to rob a bank, doesn't pay fare, gets arrested inside bank.
florida man charged with dumping 800 gallons of sewage on private property
belligerent florida birds bothering florida man
florida man makes sweet love to a toy horse!
amid climate change woes, florida man threatens to secede
florida man caught hiding in massage palor attic, says he is an 'activist for sex trades'
florida man joyriding with a great horned owl
florida man avoids opening his window for cops (xpost /r/pics)
florida man puts his grandmother in a chokehold, steals her car, then crashes it.
florida man buses 100 homeless to orlando after city pays $4.8 million for them to leave
florida man high on methadone &amp; bath salts head butts car, slaps fire chief.
florida man (boy) shoots, kills younger brother, self, wounds older brother in argument over food.
florida man rides around drunk with owl
florida man arrives by cab, drunk, to rob tallahassee bank. gets tased
florida man takes niece for a boat ride
florida man running back happy he pooped his pants
responders rescue florida man impaled in crotch on security gate
mattress flies from back of truck, killing florida man
florida man muses on the morality of atheists
florida man accused of pouring beer on woman, throwing bottle at her head.
florida man tells police "i just ate a bunch of cocaine" for one last high before going to jail
florida man, initially thought dead, arrested after facial recognition match
cemetery repeatedly calls dead florida man
florida man videoed other florida man using urinal at miniature golf park
florida man seen driving wild owl home in his car. florida wildlife agent wants answers.
naked florida man jumps on patrol car, breaks off windshield wiper, screams "i'm famous; look what i did"
florida man calls in multiple bomb threats for shits and giggles
florida man admits he was trying to sell guns he thought belonged to saddam hussein
florida senators try to trick florida man into saying "climate change"
florida man caught making love to stuffed horse in walmart
florida man allegedly beaten by bartender for refusing to wear a shirt.
florida man, high on bath salts, crashes through windshield and slaps cop
florida man police officer in trouble for letting woman in 'short shorts' drive patrol car to hooters
florida man george zimmerman compares himself to anne frank, says obama victimized him
florida man caught by facial recognition software after faking his own death to collect life insurance money.
how the fbi created a terrorist by entrapping mentally ill florida man
florida man who faked death arrested in north carolina
florida man accused of running woman off road twice
dead florida man arrested in nc
florida man falls off a balcony after his friends place him outside for snoring too loudly
florida man who was reported dead is arrested in n.c.
florida man says he was punished for using  climate change  in report. bibler was then suspended for two days and told to get a mental health exam before returning to work
florida man electrocuted by trying to move power lines he downed, then run over by 2 motorcycles.
florida man 'relieves' self in bushes.
florida woman looking for cats finds man under her bed instead
florida man gunmen strip florida man victim naked, lock him in laundry room, steal kia cars
gq commissions florida man to write spring break survival guide
florida man harbors anger against 'barack hussein obama'
florida man purchased florida man
florida man catches iguanas, then jail time.
florida man found hiding under an old lady's bed
florida man high on flakka arrested for breaking into a police station
florida man declares critically endangered ecosystem a slum. florida county listens to him.
florida man now in beverage form!
florida man holds an impromptu barbecue during nail salon robbery
florida police man accused of letting florida woman drive patrol his patrol car to hooters
florida police man accused of letting florida woman drive his patrol car to hooters
florida man batters 94-year-old mother, says it was 'necessary'
florida man caught filming male german exchange student in the bathroom with hidden camera.
florida man isn't going anywhere for a while.
florida man, 17, shoots gun into air because of estranged wife.
florida man tried to sell duct-taped iguanas dangling from bike: cops
florida man steals necklaces worth $20k from 2 people outside 7-eleven
in the early 1900s, nearly 40% of southerners were infected with hookworm, turning them into listless imbeciles. guess who opted out of the national eradication program? florida man!
florida man employee 'punished for using phrase climate change'
florida woman reaches for cats under her bed, finds florida man instead
55-year-old florida man arrested in southwest wyoming after a trooper seized more than 75 pounds of marijuana during a traffic stop
florida man, a disabled veteran, shot and killed two homeless men attacking a pregnant woman
florida man and florida woman force boys to wear soiled underwear as punishment
florida man burglary suspect leaves himself signed on to facebook
i too saw the infamous land-boater florida man
florida man shoots two florida men to rescue a pregnant woman under attack.
florida man stops to bury crack cocaine like a squirrel in the middle of a police chase
florida man and mother arrested in $100,000 toothbrush theft ring
florida man accused of shooting two men in back, killing them, over a dog named tiger
can we have an honorary florida man?
deputy florida man on paid leave after failing to show up for a fatal 911 call and grabbing lunch instead
florida man takes joy ride on mattress - outcome not so good
florida man and his mom steal toothbrushes for profit
florida man caught stalking women while pantless
florida man commutes to publix
politician florida man ordered to undergo mental exam after continuing to use banned phrase, "climate change"
florida man arrested for hitting his wife over an argument about his past domestic abuse charges.
florida man...saves 20 children from burning bus
after florida man is shot by cops, and florida girl is run over by cops, their boss is caught with hookers and loses his job
florida man says several years of harassment prompts him to shine laser at sheriff's helicopter
florida man throws beer at bus driver because he's gay and he "didn't like that about him"
florida man gets pistol-whipped in the face, still shoots attacker in the butt
florida man googles important purchases
florida man claims to be a tech reviewer, asks companies for free gadgets
florida man tries to get his phone out of the road, gets hit by 4 cars and dies
florida [wo]man happily married to a carnival ride
florida man tells cops he was growing weed to practice so that when marijuana is legalized he can open a business
florida man escaped from north korea in a mig-15 fighter jet
florida man duct tapes iguanas to his bike, attempts to sell them to tourists
florida man charged with 10 counts of possession of child pornography
cheers! that crazy 'florida man' parody is now a beer.
florida man who fatally shot bear gets $3,559 bill under deal
florida man teacher charged with digging his nails in to head of a kindergartner. says he did it to "satisfy and ugly pleasure of mine"
florida man teacher charged with digging nails in to head of kindergartner. did it to "satisfy an ugly pleasure of mine"
florida man spray-paints face black in attempt to evade police.
florida man launches his fwc patrol boat sunday at black point
florida man escaped from north korea in a mig-15 fighter jet (x-post /r/northkoreanews)
florida man accused of stealing alcohol, macaroni and cheese, and a lamp.
the most floridaman way to go! mattress flies from back of truck, killing florida man
florida man killed after mattress he was sitting on falls off truck.
florida man is dead. rip in peace..
florida man weekly: texting and walking is now life threatening
beer sipping florida man breaks into holmes beach home and claims he co-owns it with mariah carey.
from the archive: [1985] 8-year old florida boy arrested for causing havoc at public swim park. wonder if he grew up to become a florida man?
ants attack florida man pressure washing sidewalk; firefighters take over yard work
florida man caught stealing women's shoes
florida man shoots self after robbery, asks for help from officer
florida man wearing a green thong assaults two teens
florida man plays role in criminal minds, charged with criminal mischief
florida man accidentally shoots himself while stealing a cell phone, steals a car, then flags down a deputy.
florida man arrested for stabbing his drinking buddy with a letter opener
florida man flies a private plane using its flight path to draw a penis over florida.
florida man nearly double the size of worker ants
florida man nearly doubles the size of worker ants
florida man with "don't be a dick" sticker being a dick for not moving over
florida man makes night club shaped like church that features naked raves.
finally, a church worthy of florida man: florida church loses tax-exempt status over raunchy  wet-n-wild  spring break  twerking  parties
florida man pilot crashes helicopter into the sea in the fog, kills everyone
florida man beats woman for not having sex with him after he bought mcdonald's
florida man uses own plane to draw radar penis.
florida man attacked by ants while pressure-washing; rescuers finish job
florida woman faces arrest for refusing to circumcise her son (or would a better title be florida man tries to make her do that)
florida woman runs man over with car killing him, continues on to store to buy beer
florida man buys mcdonald's for woman, then beats her up for not giving him sex
florida man pleads guilty to mailing death threats to 15 people, including ct governor, and federal judges
florida man has beer named after him
florida man inspires a student
florida man found passed out on the couch, covered in cat blood
naked florida man crashes through closed van window in crazed anaheim rampage
florida man principals under fire for  vaginas on fire  text
florida man takes the boat out for the day [oc]
florida man tells everyone they will die during naked rampage: cops
cops sell florida man drugs then kill him, shoot one of their own cops in the process
florida man accidentally shoots self to death while riding bicycle
florida man accused of breaking into house to make meth
florida man drove to lawyer's office with dead body in truck
florida man attacked by drunk guy with machete, escapes on a lawnmower
florida man attacks cop who gave him a ride home
florida man opens night club in church.
florida man runs a church by day, adult sex club by night
florida man prison officials repeatedly order investigators not to report officials' corruption, florida man prison investigators report
florida man prison officials repeatedly ordered investigators not to report officials' corruption, florida man prison investigators report
florida man finds giant alligator wandering golf course
florida man greeted by massive alligator on golf course
florida man found himself a florida wife xpost from wtf
florida man tells police god told him to vandalize costume store because it had witches
florida man now has his own beer
florida man picks fight with deputy on the beach during an arrest; gets his shit wrecked.
florida man narrowly escapes on riding lawnmower from machete-wielding attacker
florida man is too much for ca. they can't even.
florida man church just lost its tax-exempt status because it's reportedly just a nightclub
florida man told to cut words 'climate change' from study on climate change
florida man takes more than $300 worth of condoms at tampa cvs
florida man (well, not yet) starting his life of crime early - at age 4
florida man assaults his mother over a starbucks cofffee
florida man tried to run over pregnant girlfriend.
florida man has scientists remove the words "climate change" from study on climate change
florida man tries to shoot bucket off friend s head and it doesn t end well 
in defense of florida man
future florida man: boy wrote up contract and  hired  classmate to murder family
florida man weekly: welcome to the gunshine state
florida man brings neighbor's dead body to lawyer's office
florida man chops off mother's head for 'nagging' over chores
florida man judge orders woman's arrest in circumcision case
florida man has a good time and gets away with it.
florida man tries to bench 725 lbs when he can't to 405 lbs by himself (as seen on r/cringe)
florida man tries to bench 725 lbs when he can't to 405 lbs by himself (as seen on r/cringe)
florida man attempts to take picture with gun while smoking marijuana, shoots and kills camera man
florida man discovers future florida man s murder-for-hire contract on family
florida man dies trying to hide from police in lake.
the original florida man
florida man arrested at chicago airport for gun in suitcase
check for reposts before you submit a link. florida man.
retro] florida man sinkhole eats five porsches, three-bedroom house
florida man state legislature wants to outlaw anonymous websites
florida man officials ban term climate change
florida man tried killing himself with a drill after using crowbar to kill his mother
florida man shoots nfl player chris johnson in shoulder
florida man brings gun to midway airport
florida man brings neighbor's dead body to lawyer's office
florida man steals dolphins jersey, wears it to court hearing
florida man says drugs caused him to commit robberies
florida man sells stolen meat on street, called "meat man" by sheriff
facebook post lands florida man in united arab emirates jail
florida man faces five years jail for a fb post
watch out florida, oregon's coming for you: oregon man accidentally shoots himself in groin while playing video poker.
fort myers lawyer says florida man showed up with body in truck
florida man arrested for putting his genitals out for view in front of target, and once in front of babies  r  us.
florida man shot sister in the butt for making him a birthday penis-shaped cake
florida man shoots man in the foot with a gun he was trying to sell him.
florida man claims self-defence after driving with dead body to lawyer's office
florida man police chief arrested for soliciting undercover prostitutes
a florida man shot his sister with a bb gun over a penis-shaped cake
florida man cites boredom as reason for destructive $40,000 rampage
florida man takes swig, presents old ticket as driver's license during dui stop
florida man sex offender shoplifts, bites home depot worker for a minute
florida man has a beer named after him
florida man arrested for touching several women's buttocks over 4-month period
new from cigar city, florida man. crazy hoppy.
florida man claims self-defense after shooting his neighbor with the neighbor s own gun, and then driving his body to his attorney s office.
florida man arrested for selling stolen meat at a discount: "he is going to have usda-inspected meat in the county jail"
florida man lives behind walmart in vw van. he's a baseball player who got a $2 million signing bonus...
florida man and kc royals shortstop lives in a van behind a wal-mart
florida man lives in a van behind a wal-mart, while signed to an mlb team
cigar city brewery embraces florida man... and makes florida man his own beer
florida man arrested for making meth in a minivan in a beach parking lot
florida man robs former girlfriend in sheriff's office parking lot
florida man shows up at attorney's office with body in pickup truck
florida man killed by police serving search warrant
florida man steals and uses neighbors  credit card to buy them bucs tickets; uses card to purchase flowers, food, legal services, paypal and verizon services
florida man arrested for grabbing and slapping random women around town
florida man brings neighbor's body to lawyer's office
florida man feeds baby bleach because it'll help her breathe better
florida man and his brother plan to kill the everglades
florida man locked up in dog kennels in panama city beach for spring break
florida man sheriff arrested after breaking mans nose in a bar fight over a stool. the same officer was also once arrested before he was even a deputy for attempting to run over a uniformed officer after a traffic incident where he was at fault.
florida man exposes himself outside babies  r  us because  that s what ladies like 
florida man jailed in uae for criticizing his employer on facebook
florida man confesses to killing, brings body to lawyer's office in bed of truck
florida man drives to his attorneys office with dead body in truck [x-post /r/nottheonion]
florida man kills neighbor, puts body in back of pickup truck, and drives to his attorney's office.
florida man drives to his lawyer with dead body in truck
florida man rants about boss over facebook; ends up in uae jail
florida man arrested after hitting black man with bottle; said bar isn't for blacks
florida man fatally shoots neighbor, puts body in truck bed and drives to attorney s office
florida man kills neighbor, brings body to lawyer's office in the back of his pickup truck
florida man shoots sister
florida man drives truck with dead neighbor to lawyer's office, says he killed in self-defense
florida man goes on drug-induced naked rampage, bites girlfriend
florida man 'raped and threatened to kill woman aboard yacht he was working on'
florida man tries to steal $2.5m plane
florida man arrested after commenting on his own wanted photo on facebook
florida man charged for running over a horse, after its rider yelled at him
florida man driver crashes through fence, impaled by pole
this florida man sure isn't too bright - he left an easy trail of counterfeit money
since florida man can be man or woman, should we refer to them all as floridiots?
florida man butt grabber caught in broward
florida man accused of attacking pregnant girlfriend with car
florida man! sister, penis cake, bb gun. news at eleven.
florida man shoots attacker dead, drives body to lawyer's office.
florida man naturopath facing charges after treating girl s fatal leukemia with vitamins and vegan diet
jury acquits florida man who claimed pot was medicinal
florida man shoots sister in buttocks with bb gun for making him a phallic birthday cake
florida man catches great white shark off panama city beach
florida man takes acid, goes on naked rampage, tells cop "everyone is going to die"
florida man goes on drug-induced naked rampage, bites florida woman
florida man steals $1 and a dog toy
florida man calls 911 six times because he got kicked out of a strip club
florida man throws traffic tickets on ground, leads cops on chase, gets charged with littering
waiting for israeli pm to speak when surprise florida man
florida man tries to shame "stupid florida drivers" but sucks more than the drivers
florida man wakes up with no memory of his past, speaks only swedish.
florida man hits african-american with bottle:  this bar is not for blacks 
florida man attacks bar patron after telling him "this bar ain't for blacks" and pepper sprays others whp try to stop him. is arrested for hate crime
central florida man accused of hate crime after bar fight
florida man includes a william tell re-enactment in biker club initiation. goes about how you'd expect.
florida man tries to shoot bucket off biker's head, accidentally kills him
florida man: film cedes the floor to liquor store parking lot
florida man knocks out florida woman in the streets of downtown orlando. another florida man repeatedly claims "you don't know me" [1:41]
this florida man kept dialing 911 repeatedly, and you will really lose it when you learn why
homeless florida man killed chasing a dollar at busy florida intersection
florida man and his partner accidentally butt dial their boss while discussing plans to steal from their employer
florida man went to hospital for headache, had bullet lodged in head
florida man tried to steal $2.5 million plane, said he was heading to chicago
florida man tries to steal $2.5 million plane. only manages to pull down oxygen masks, inflate life vests, and trash cabin
florida man arrested for eating marijuana near school children
florida man throws bucket of urine,can of french onion dip at girlfriend after argument
florida man throws bucket of urine, can of french onion dip at girlfriend after argument
florida man recruiting veterans to fight isis
florida man is the american equivalent of roma gypsies, allege police
florida man shoots sister with bb gun over penis cake
florida man gets naked and goes on drug-fueled rampage
florida man strips in the presence of evan longoria
florida police chief man fired for arrest in prostitution sting
florida man who shot and killed a pregnant woman last summer, pleads: don't jail me, bro!
florida man police chief busted in threeway "sex-for-hire" sting
florida man cooks meth in his van down by the beach
florida man out for a walk with his wife.
florida man swiped more than 360,000 nickels  during house party
florida man lived during the ice age
florida man pleasures himself with stuffed horse at walmart
classic florida man tee
nasa tweet: blinding  solar burst  on coast caused by  dangerously pale' florida man
florida man - documentary that explores the weird parts of florida
florida man carjacks vehicle during traffic stop
florida man solicits prostitute in miami gardens, loses job. he's the miami gardens police chief stephen johnson, or more accurately, was.
florida man beats up, pepper sprays man who stole his bong
florida man burns house after niece refuses to go on beer run
florida man tells police his car was swerving because he was rolling a blunt
florida man loses his job as a police officer due to a video-recorded massage   and its happy ending
florida man gets arrested for soliciting a prostitute. turns out to be the police chief
florida man/police chief arrested in prostitution ring
florida man/police chief arrested in prostitution sting
it's not florida man, but you'll still get a kick out of this.
florida man gets 30 years for fatal reckless driving crash
florida man says he's not leaving new orleans until he finds dog
florida man pleads guilty to illegally smuggling white-tailed deer from ohio to his hunting preserve in florida
florida man who allegedly threw daughter off bridge found mentally incompetent to stand trial
florida man/police chief fired for arrest in prostitution sting
florida man charged with urinating on books in library
florida man caught trying to steal $2.5 million plane from international airport; says he needs it to get to chicago
florida man burns down house because niece won't drive him to liquor store http://t.co/iygyjsn9s3
florida man burns down house because his niece won't drive him to liquor store
florida man caught trying to steal $2.5 million plane from international airport; says he needs it to get to chicago http://t.co/udtofzqiim
florida man caught trying to steal $2.5 million plane from ocala international airport; says he needed it to get to chicago http://t.co/udtofzqiim
florida man opens machine gun range near disney world
florida man rubs hand sanitizer in girlfriend's eyes, rampages in her car, then rips off her shirt
florida man is raising his own army to kill isis
life s rich pageant: meet a florida man (long grantland article on fm in general and one particular who got his dick tangled in a compound bow)
florida man &amp; woman more likely to get leprosy. leprosy cases on rise in florida, many victims came in contact with armadillos.
florida man posts revenge porn of his ex girlfriend, is arrested because she is 16 &amp; 17 old in some photos.
the florida man, in his native habitat, trying to survive. [x-post from /r/wtf]
florida man rubbed hand sanitizer in woman's eyes while she was driving
florida woman has florida man/ex-boyfriend robbed after he cheats on her, police say
florida man beats young girl beaten for using wrong soap
florida man arrested for throwing log at teen who mooned him
florida man drives porsche on sidewalk to make a point, gets arrested
battery charge for florida man who threw water balloon at nurse
florida man gets leprosy from handling armadillos
florida man went to hospital for headache, had bullet lodged in head
florida man urinated on $1,000 worth of library books
florida man proudly claims he's the first man ever to vape semen
florida man basketball player, scores 30 points in 4   minutes
inquisitive florida man calls 911 just to test police response time
florida man whips girl with a belt so badly she couldn't sit down because she used grandma's soap.
once upon a time, florida man got into an argument with his brother... oh, but its so much better than that!
i can be trusted"  notoriously untrustworthy florida man
florida man dog is shot twice protecting owners from home invader, survives
florida man crashes into car after inhaling computer dusters
florida man arrested after attempting to burn florida niece's house down after refusing to drive him to the liquor store
florida man accused of drugging and sexually assaulting at least three female patients with cocaine and sedatives dies of a heart attack
florida man cited for driving his 1200 hp fishing boat onshore and into a beach side restaurant
florida man threatens to blow up bar after they refused to accept a rock as payment.
naked florida man tries to drown baby in sink
florida man state senator introduces bill to legalize recreational pot use
florida man smokes e-cigarette filled with friends semen
florida man eats 182 bacon slices in 5 minutes.
florida man cop slaps homeless man, goes on paid leave
florida man wanted after slapping publix bag boy
florida man acting as own attorney seeks death penalty
naked florida man accused of trying to drown infant daughter in bathroom sink
florida man stabs friend over $5 bet
florida man arrested for hitting his dog 20 times on the head with hammer
i am florida man (and so are some of you)
florida police man uses stingray devices w/o warrants against other florida men and florida women more than 1,800 times
florida man policemen use stingray fake cell tower devices against florida men &amp; florida women more than 1,800 times
florida man/cop slaps homeless man who wanted to use restroom: "you're not going to pee!"
florida man drives boat into a resturant
florida man drives his boat into a restaurant
florida man rescues 19 trapped manatees
dr. florida man tries to arrange sex with a minor, gets no jail time... still a doctor.
elderly florida man tasered while trying to put hands up
i found out yesterday that the big man upstairs is a florida man
florida man and another florida man arrested after butt-dial to boss overhears burglary plan
senator florida man submits bill to legalize recreational marijuana
florida man arrested for fatal shooting after a fight over $5
florida man pushed to ground then smacked by florida cop.
florida man collects girlscout van wheels
florida man gets away with murder
florida man runs all our wars in the middle east (from tampa).
x post from /r/legaladvice ) this 'florida man' is one twisted fucker, and a cop
florida man kills woman and her unborn child while twirling gun, avoids charges.
florida man, comic book fan, dies of cancer. his death announcement says he was taken by an uppercut from batman
patton oswalt perfectly describes how the florida man comes to be
florida man unveils plans for life-size bronze nude statue of bill cosby, with his junk replaced with cartoon character fat albert, because art.
deputies: florida man hit pet pit bull with hammer
florida man weekly: wwe: florida man edition
florida man first in state to be tried for smoking medical marijuana
florida man arrested after urinating on books at library
temporary florida man visiting to "party with the rainbow people" proves he belongs by making bomb threat after bar refuses rock as payment for $10 tab
florida man breaks into woman s home, snaps photo of her showering and steals her phone.
florida man uses his head to smash his way into convenience store to steal lottery tickets
florida man should be a one off batman villain
florida man gets 51 years for killing man over bicycle
florida man (and friends) beat 17 year old because he may or may not have stolen their pot. victim is on death's door.
florida man arrested with hundreds of identities pleads guilty
florida man and his accomplices leave kid clinging for life after beating him with a crowbar for allegedly stealing their cannabis. cops later found he didn't even steal their drugs.
florida man dies of uppercut from batman
florida man is very confused by this weather
florida man police dog fired after biting dunkin donuts employee
florida man butt-dials victim; leaves voicemail of conversation with accomplice discussing details of robbery
florida man arrested after cops said they "could smell weed in this guy's butthole"
this florida man got a free pass for shooting a pregnant woman to death
florida man tries to pay bar tab with a rock, returns later with a faulty credit card, then later with a briefcase that allegedly contained, "a bomb or a baby."
there is no evidence to suggest the [florida man] had a careless or reckless indifference to the safety of the victims when the firearm discharged 
florida man dies from 'batman uppercut'
florida man attempts to recreate 9/11.
florida man shoots pregnant woman to death
til is currently discussing news from 2002, when 15-year-old florida man was inspired by 9/11, stole an airplane and flew it into a skyscraper in tampa, florida. it damaged one office room and he was the only person that died.
florida man sells murderer's panties.
florida man tries to rob bank, but the teller was moving so slowly, he finally just gave up.. gets arrested
florida man carrying over a dozen stolen credit cards and id's decides to flash police helicopter with a laser pen.. cops immediately bust him
florida man decapitates his mother
florida [police]man: 'planting evidence and lying in your reports are just part of the game'
florida [police] man: 'planting evidence and lying in your reports are just part of the game'
florida man: 'planting evidence and lying in your reports are just part of the game'
florida man confused by guns going off--"...i almost blew my damn head off twice. 
florida man smashes convenience store window with head to steal scratch-off lottery tickets
florida man takes break during filming of reality show to burgle house
florida man assists 69-year-old woman after carjacking in west manheim
florida man sentenced for using human guinea pigs to test his 'sexy monkey' synthetic pot
florida man steals $1,188 worth of panties from victoria's secret
florida man commits ice cold burglary
florida man buys fake id, thats cool
retired school principal florida man busted trying to meet fifteen year old boy for sex
florida man gets penis reduction surgery after his member is too big for sex and sports
florida man robs gamestop where he used to work; is recognized by clerk
warning women: do not foul florida man during a pickup basketball game
florida man steals $1,188 worth of panties from victoria's secret
laugh if you want, but florida man recycles...
florida man, threatens to bomb bar after they refused to accept a rock as payment of his bar tab.
florida man arrested for bodyslamming female teacher during 2 on 2 basketball game
florida man wanted for stealing $1,200 worth of panties from victoria's secret
florida man saves little boy's birthday party
florida man accidentally shoots self in leg after arguing with another customer and leaves with florida woman to hide gun, forgetting florida three year old in the store
florida man accidentally shoots self in leg after arguing with another customer in liquor store and leaves with florida woman to hide gun, forgetting florida three year old in the store
florida man who traveled to iraq to fight isis with battalion of westerners injured in line of duty
florida man gets 9 years over global poison plot
florida man busts through convenience store with head, steals scratch-off tickets
florida man shot and killed at obama mart
florida man bites off chunk of cop's skin, shrugs off tasers
florida man disarms armed drunk driver with his bare hands
florida man city of "frostproof, fl" issues freezing weather watch for friday
florida man, aka vanilla ice, arrested in residential burglary: police
florida man known as vanilla ice arrested for burglary
florida man vanilla ice arrested for burglary
florida man, vanilla ice, arrested for burglarizing a home adjacent to the property he is renovating.
florida man "officer of the year" admits to raping 20 male immigrants, not charged as sex offender
florida man, vanilla ice arrested for burglary in florida, mayne
florida man runs around women s dorm kissing everyone in sight, tells police he was trying to visit jessica simpson
clothes meant for needy kids swiped by one-armed florida man
florida man flashes girl a school bus stop
florida man refuses to pay escort. turns into a swat standoff
florida man and his goat share rainbow robe-filled reunion
florida man sentenced to 4 years in prison for selling steroids to alex rodriguez
florida man develops fool proof way to get through dui checkpoints without saying a word.
florida man survives child support
florida man climbs crane in downtown miami
florida man gets to the top of a construction crane, then hangs from it with only one hand
florida man  officer of the year  admits to raping 20 male immigrants, not charged as sex offender
florida man killed by security guards at obama mart.
florida man, and officer of the year, admits to raping 20 male immigrants
florida man weekly: the ghost of randy macho man savages past
florida (congress)man calls texas a "crazy state." texas responds:
florida man shoots himself during car chase after firing on ex-girlfriend
florida man run over by truck 'driven' by his dog
florida man pleads guilty to smuggling dinosaur fossils into the usa
florida man shoots florida man for complaining about his pizza
florida woman gives birth to 14lb florida man, didn't even know she was pregnant!
florida man assaults girlfriend by smashing cheeseburger in her face
florida man selling the american dream on ebay
florida man washes up on beach in the form of an 8-foot tall lego man
florida man punches out a window in an airplane mid-flight
florida representative man turns thug on texas representative man
florida man over run by hundreds of teens
florida man doesn't want a gun range in every house.
florida man turns thug on texas man during congress hearing
florida man arrested after trying to lure young girls with candy. his rational " i wanted some pussy."
florida man throws rocks at cars, gets shot in back while running away with his hands up.
florida man arrested 62 times for trespassing at the store he works at
florida man replaces bun with funnel cake. (ex-post r/food)
florida man arrested with weed in his crack and crack in his mouth
florida man is accused of being a pedo, massaged multiple students' feet
florida man lists 'drug dealer' as occupation during arrest
a plea to the florida man mods!
florida man accused of pawning paramour's $3k watch she left behind
florida man suspected of shoplifting $1,000 worth of abercrombie &amp;amp; fitch cologne
florida man requests penis reduction surgery for giant, "rugby ball-shaped" penis
florida man, super-genius - arrested driving stolen car, lists "drug dealer" as occupation...
florida man sharks top the usa charts with 28 bites
vice: 'florida man' is a love letter to our weirdest and best state
english teacher florida man sends profanity-laced letter to students after finding gum under desks
florida man proposes condo with a shark tank in the lobby
thousands of dollars of lingerie stolen from victoria's secret by florida man.
florida man with football-shaped dick has world's first penis reduction
florida man caught with weed in his butt, crack in his mouth
florida man is a test post
florida man brews a beer version of florida man.
florida man busted for grabbing a woman's butt said he only did it to show her how to dress in the cold, cops said.
florida man sentenced to life in sledgehammer attack
florida man sharks lead the usa in bites again with 28
florida man tries to rob home decor store; clerks fight him off with curtain rod and vacuum
florida man has 10 terabytes of child porn
florida man tries to hide from police by burying himself in giant pile of snow
florida man thrown into garbage truck after falling asleep in dumpster
florida man does a photo shoot
florida man slices wife's throat in front of their kids
florida man reunited with this pet goat, "deer"
florida man steals cash from girls scouts selling cookies outside grocery store
florida man golf ball diving found in lake; iraq war vet may have drowned
florida man says local wrestling event is being haunted by the ghost of macho man randy savage
florida man needs a reminder
florida man falls asleep in dumpster and gets thrown into trash truck.
florida man gets a year in prison for role in $50m heist of pharmaceuticals in connecticut
florida man 'beat to death girlfriend's 3-year-old son 'because of a soiled diaper''
florida man just wanted some pu**y
florida man and florida woman wake up in a garbage truck after wild night at casino
florida man, woman fall asleep in dumpster, loaded into garbage truck after night at casino
florida man hands out identities for free
florida man dumps unredacted emails, releases email addresses and ssns of thousands of voters.
florida man in legislature seeks support for bill requiring schools to show dinesh d'souza movie
florida man and florida woman sleeping in dumpster get emptied into garbage truck
florida man (high schooler) goes to his girlfriends house, assaults and attempts to shoot her, goes home and shoots himself.
florida man slept naked with children and showed them pornography on his computer, dismissed as "strange" by wife
florida man cops flood waze with bogus speed trap data, don't understand how crowd sourcing works
florida man' is a love letter to our weirdest and best state | vice | united states
florida man and woman make up in garbage truck after getting "trashed" in tampa
florida man caught having sex with his pet chihuahua by his wife
florida man, a state senator, wishes to make dinesh d'souza's "america" required viewing for students
crazy florida man burns down floor's practice space in police standoff
crazy florida man burns down florida metal band floor's rehearsal space during police standoff
florida man says using restroom is a choice for transgender people
florida man accused of trying to lure little girls with candy to take a bus ride with him
florida man marc ramon gonzalez arrested for having sex with pet chihuahua
florida man publishes e-book containing 8 years of his emails. [jeb bush]
florida man congressman doesn't give a fuck
florida man threw daughter from bridge
trial begins for florida man accused of killing another man to break a voodoo curse
florida man says he grabbed woman's butt so he could teach her how to dress in the cold
doctors say florida man who threw daughter off bridge incompetent to stand trial
florida man is a test post
florida man strikes again"
florida man dumps emails, home addresses, and social security numbers of florida residents online
florida man just doxxed thousands of fellow floridians
florida man (teen) assaults girlfriend, fires gun at her, then drives home and shoots himself.
florida man robbed at gunpoint for 32 packs of starburst candy
florida man ordered to stop selling shark figurine by katy perry's lawyer
florida man admits sexual assault on 6-year-old girl, but says it was her fault
florida man arrested after wife calls police when she catches him having sex with family s chihuahua
florida man lists 'drug dealer' as job on arrest report
8-year-old florida man severely burned by another child playing with lighter
florida man stumbles across sub-reddit page about crazy happenings in florida involving men.
florida man lists drug dealer as occupation on arrest report
florida man lawmaker says using restroom is a choice for transgender people
florida man weekly: no ragrets
florida man beats woman in an attempt to extort money for rap video
florida man lists occupation as 'drug dealer' on arrest report
charged as a florida man, convicted as a florida woman: a curious criminal case in miami
warnings missed before florida man threw daughter from bridge: state report - news - kfgo the mighty 790am - fargo moorhead, nd
filmmaker makes florida man documentary, which you can watch right now
florida man arrested after wife caught him raping the family chihuahua on their home's security cameras.
florida man kills, eats 5 alligators for super bowl dinner
florida man lists occupation on arrest report as "drug dealer"
florida man refuses to apologize for calling texas "crazy"
florida man tries to prove texas is crazier than florida with dildo law
florida man caught having sex with family chihuahua
florida man lists 'drug dealer' as occupation on arrest report
florida man x 4 charged with 82-year-old's slaying in clearwater
florida man wants to make using the wrong restroom a crime
florida man and two accomplices steal 32 packages of starburst candy at gunpoint
florida man to unveil statue of nude bill cosby with weeping fat albert genitals
florida man puts  drug dealer  down for occuption on his own arrest report
florida man tried to circumcise nephew
florida (wo)man botches 82 special victims cases
sducidal florida man fights it out whit the cop
suicidal florida man fights it out whit the cop
florida man plans to convert robots to christianity
young florida man making nude statue of bill cosby
florida man creates naked bill cosby statue with fat albert for genitals
florida man listed his occupation on an arrest report as 'drug dealer,' police say
florida man steals cookie money from palm beach county girl scouts
florida man arrested for laundry detergent theft
florida man kills five gators for super bowl feast
florida man tried to circumcise nephew
florida man and women addicted to coffee enemas
florida man arrested after wife catches him in sex act with family's pet chihuahua
a documentary about florida man
florida man very honestly lists his job as 'drug dealer' on arrest report
florida man caught raping family chihuahua
florida man faces 30 years for throwing rock
florida man lists drug dealer as occupation on arrest report
florida man lists 'drug dealer  as occupation on arrest report
wellington florida man caught on camera by his wife while he raped the family chihuahua.
florida man arrested after wife catches him in sex act withpet chihuahua
florida man with  noticeable bulge  in pants busted in sandwich caper
florida man gets angry, attempts to shoot girlfriend then hands her a shovel and tells her to dig her own grave
florida man or woman/animal control/landfill "accidentally" poisons and nearly kills 2 bald eagles
florida man was naked during burglary arrest
florida man" - new short documentary from sean dunne explores all that is absurd and great about the 'florida man' . link attached.
florida man lists drug dealer as occupation on arrest report
florida man lists "drug dealer" as occupation: police
florida man selling katy perry half-time show sharks gets cease and desist letter from katy perry
a florida man movie exists, but it's probably not what you think
cat found with rope around it's neck. search for florida man ongoing.
florida man says he has no regrets about "back-to-back champions" seahawks tattoo
florida man admits to serving alligators for super bowl meal
florida man takes nap while deputies chase him
florida man: even the nra can't believe these assholes with gun ranges in their yards
florida man drags goat behind bicycle, attempting to help the goat lose weight
florida man high on meth fights off 15 police officers while masturbating
florida (congress)man messes with texas.
florida man choked his girlfriend, ran from police and punched a police dog before being arrested in pinellas park
florida man stirs up hornet's nest by calling texas 'crazy state' in a congress committee
florida man mistreats 300 animals at his animal sanctuary. found guilty of multiple animal abuse and fraud.
florida man found with three other florida men and four florida deer in a mini cooper
florida man drills into own head, neck, and stomach after killing one woman
florida man threatens to use backyard shooting range, gets free range membership
florida man congressman alcee hastings fails to give any fucks.
florida man in a movie
florida man goes to the super bowl...
florida man documentary... take a look:
florida man congressman wrecks texas man congressman
florida man arrested for killing 5 alligators for super bowl meal
florida man goes on vacation, sends canadian law school into turmoil.
florida man makes legal backyard gun range in residential neighborhood
florida man pleads 'no contest' to slaying his parents and inviting everyone over to party over facebook
florida man steals car, is discovered by the sound of his snoring during police pursiut
florida man traps 5 alligators illegally,and serves them at super bowl party.
florida man has year-long sexual relationship with a dolphin, claims dolphin 'seduced' him
florida man allegedly killed alligators for super bowl feast
a florida man turned his front yard into a shooting range
florida man roasted to death in north miami beach sauna, found by daugther
florida man gets caught because of his snoring.
florida man who had year-long sexual relationship with a dolphin claims the animal  seduced him  - crime feed
florida man busted running clinic to sell drugs to users and addicts. he required urine samples from patients to prove they were drug users, and turned anyone with a negative test.
florida man sheriff who bragged police dog ripped testicles off suspect also told drivers to run over protesters
florida man says dolphin "seduced" him into having sex
florida man pauses during police chase to nap beneath trailer
florida man kills his uncle, cat and dogs
after chain smoking cigarettes and blasting music, florida man became so incensed he killed the family s four pets and beat his uncle to death, wrapping him in a rug and depositing the body in a barren field six blocks from his home.
drunken deer hunt ends with florida man arrested, and a dead deer in a compact car
hungry florida man accused of killing gators for super bowl dinner
toddler florida man pulls cocaine baggie out of florida woman s shirt during traffic stop
florida man charged with illegally catching alligator for super bowl dinner
look florida man got his own documentary
florida woman mother accused of using taser on florida man son, 15
shakedown: ex-miami cop charged with extortion for protecting illegal gambling operation...that's florida man!
florida man and woman won't face charges for publicly shaming their son for wetting the bed
florida man kills and eats five alligators for super bowl dinner
florida man arrested after catching and killing five alligators for super bowl snacks
florida man robs then leaves wallet
planning and zoning, florida man style
florida man arrested for nephew's botched circumcision
florida man accused of intentionally running over woman on horseback
florida man builds gun range in yard
florida man arrested for driving his pickup into a horse and rider, killing the horse and seriously injuring the rider
florida man &amp; prison guard, 2 strippers smuggled booze, drugs into florida prison
florida man involved in hit-and-run with a horse.
police: florida man tried to circumcise young nephew
florida man clogs the toilet
florida man takes pregnant girlfriend on abortion date, hits with car
florida man cops hold 11-year-old girl at gunpoint while responding to burglary call at her home
florida man tries to circumcise baby with kitchen knife
florida man tries to circumcise nephew with kitchen knife
florida man arrested for trying to circumcise nephew with kitchen knife
future florida man (3 yr old) shoots mother..
four florida man found passed out in mini cooper with four dead deer after illegal drunken hunt
anyone can experience road rage. florida man, however, gets into an argument that ends with him ramming his truck into a horse and rider, killing the horse and injuring the rider he was arguing with.
video of florida man being seduced by dolphin
neighbors furious as florida man sets up front-yard shooting range, but police say it s legal
florida man killed over superbowl argument
florida man masturbates outside after mom won't let him watch porn
florida man circumcised his 20-month-old nephew with kitchen knife
florida man builds gun range in front yard, outrage ensues
florida man who got  back-to-back champs  seahawks tattoo doesn t regret a thing
florida man acting out rap song fatally shoots friend
florida man caught on camera running over pregnant girlfriend with car
florida man, struck by suv, tased twice, tries to steal a deputy's cruiser, and is accused of assaulting deputy
florida man shot in penis by friend
florida man tries to circumcise nephew with kitchen knife.
florida man arrested for driving his suv into a horse, killing it
florida man has year-long sexual relationship with a dolphin, claims dolphin "seduced" him
florida man charged in september murder of jose pomales-santiago at blossom park condominiums
florida man kills horse and injures woman with pick up truck
florida man proclaims self "sovereign citizen," fraudulently rents out foreclosed properties
florida man accidentally shoots, kills teen while acting out waka flocka flame rap song: brevard county sheriff
florida man who spent decades building egyptian coffin dies
four florida men kill four florida deer, cram inside one mini cooper [florida man]
florida man asks cop if he can borrow his gun; says he needs to  take care of some n****s 
florida man fighting to keep ownership of  zombie cat 
florida man tries to use headache remedy as id
florida man ignored by dunkin' donuts employee during armed robbery attempt, admits  i m not very good at this 
florida man steals $4k worth of chicken, ribs &amp;amp; wings (possibly for epic super bowl party)
police respond to naked florida man waving handgun on roof
florida man seems to be irony impaired.
florida man drives on wrong side of the road during police chase - crashes into fence, car, house
florida man kills deer with friends, stuff deer into mini cooper, then all cram inside vehicle to sleep.
a regular florida man selling his car on fb
florida man decides to make chicken wings at 3 am.. falls asleep, burns down house
latest charges dropped for wine bottle throwing florida man
naked florida man on a building rooftop on a sniper perch threatening to shoot civilians and police.
florida man robs dukin donuts then turns himself in after admitting "i'm not good at robbery thing"
florida man/boy brings hand grenade to school for show and tell
florida man who is also a cop arrested for drunken drive-by shooting from a prius
florida man and his friends broke into a smoke shop to steal expensive bongs.
missing teen florida man appears at high school with stolen gun, hollow point bullets
florida man who brags about the time he fucked a dolphin is the star of a new documentary at the slamdance film festival
broward sheriff's deputy, palm beach county florida man face charges after driving around firing service weapon from their car
citing oklahoma ruling, condemned florida man seeks stay
florida man robs a bank with pants on his head but is not actually hiding anything... in my japanese textbook.
zimmerman walks again! florida man version of clue ends with no charges in assault, of a girlfriend, with a wine bottle.
florida man arrested for urinating on waitress at nightclub
florida man claims homemade bombs are for  fishing  (even the one with nails in it)
florida man fatally shoots pal while acting out waka flocka flame lyrics
florida man shoots friend while acting out rap lyrics
florida man shoots someone in the arm then jumps on public bus as getaway vehicle (surprise, he gets caught!)
florida wasp nest is larger than man
florida man, florida woman bring thier child to break into parents house and kill family dog then steal ipad to make it look like burglary
florida man urinates on waitress from bar balcony
florida man tries to kill police, beats wife bloody with a shotgun
florida woman killed by nj man with 71 license suspensions with fiery crash
florida man puts lizard in his mouth and smacks employees with it.
florida man accidentally shoots florida friend in penis
florida man buries cat alive. pissed off cat digs himself out of the ground. florida man claims miracle.
florida man stole $4,000 worth of chicken and meat from restaurant
florida man stung by bees over 150 times
florida man asks pregnant florida woman "are you ready for your abortion date?" then hits her with car.
florida man, ignored by dunkin donuts employee during an armed robbery attempt, admits that he "isn't very good at this robbery thing."
florida man takes crack out of buttocks, deputies say
florida man accidentally shoots &amp; kills friend while acting out song lyrics
florida man accidentally shoots up neighbors home with an ak-47.
being re-tried in 2010 murders, makeup is helping florida man with facial tattoos put his best face forward
police: florida man shoots puppy in the head
florida man arrested for urinating on waitress at nightclub - ny daily news
florida man eats it. falls down stairs at a hockey game.
florida man buries florida cat only for it to return as zombie florida cat
fugitive treasure hunting florida man apprehended 27 years after swindling investors out of funding a treasure expedition that yielded 50 million dollars in gold
florida man accidentally shoots his girlfriend's brother while they acted out rap lyrics
florida man digs grave for cat, cat comes back from the dead
florida man kills florida teen while acting out a rap song
florida man arrested after urinating on female waitress.
florida man calls 911 while being questioned by officer, complains it's 'taking too long'
florida man arrested for trying to decapitate a man with a katana sword
florida man shoots florida man who challenged him to a fistfight; judge rules he acted in self defense
florida man gun owner kills florida man who challenged him to fistfight; judge rules he acted in self defense
florida man (a fireman), deputy friend shoot up neighbor's home during target practice
meet the florida man who decided to travel to syria and battle isis
florida man steals $4,000 worth of barbecue
arrest warrant issued for florida man, tom brady's biggest fan
florida man hopes for shortened sentence for murdering and raping (in that order) his 11 year old sister
florida man, or 15 year old florida boy, arrested for impersonating a deputy. gotta start somewhere!
florida man 's cat rises from the dead
florida man accused of urinating on florida woman from bar balcony
florida man buries cat hit by car, comes back to life
florida man arrested after building homemade fire bombs inside mobile home
florida man could release millions of genetically modified mosquitoes into the wild
florida man terrifies vacationing family with gunfire meant for iguana
florida man trying to trademark 'je suis charlie'
florida man and fellow cops take a break from shooting pics of black people, to find their mailbox full of mail from clergymen, priests and monks, requesting they please shoot at photos of them instead.
tennessee man beats florida woman he doesn t know with stick because  he loves her 
florida man set fire to mattress while a drunk girl was sleeping on it, videotaped it while singing (as you do), uploaded the video onto snapchat; then insists in court that she "participated" in it.
florida man asks boynton cop, 'hey, let me use your gun,' police say
florida man burgalrizes cop's home, steals jewelry, slashes 43 truck tires
florida man charred beyond recognition after hours inside malfunctioning sauna
florida man asks cop for his gun  to take care of some n*ggas who robbed me 
florida house makes way for florida man to carry guns in florida schools.
florida man kills the fattest and most "majestic" bear in state history
florida man fights the law, and the law wins (video, x-post from /r/roadcam)
florida man caught 'gratifying himself' outside nutley middle school, police say
florida man pleads not guilty to bail-jumping 37 years ago
60 year old florida man gets 12 year old pregnant.
second south florida man nabbed in illegal trade of rhino horns
florida man wants to trademark, profit from je suis charlie
mystery florida man, slashes pelican's throats.
florida man pummels black gun owner in wal-mart
florida man tries to rescue a duck, gets attacked by a goose
florida man hit in face by tire
black florida man lawfully carrying gun gets pummeled by white vigilante at walmart (video)
florida man disguises himself as an ob-gyn for a month in a hospital.
florida man seeks trademark on slogan  je suis charlie 
florida man leaves gun in his car, his 2 year old son kills himself with it
florida man killed in overheated sauna
judge issues arrest warrant for florida man with tom brady helmet tattooed on his head.
bold florida man steals police officer's identity on purpose
fox news obsessed florida man tries to kill liberal girlfriend
florida man chokes out law-abiding florida man for carrying a weapon he was licensed to carry.
florida man shot wife because of buzzer sex. florida wife dies with the buzzer in her hand!
florida man!   /r/floridaman throws guts toward policemen to show he has guts
teenage florida man stages robbery, brags about stolen cash on instagram
florida man pleads guilty to lewd act with stuffed horse inside walmart
man assaulted by vigilante at florida walmart - local coverage chalked it up to an honest misunderstanding
florida man assaulted by vigilante at walmart: " local coverage chalked it up to an honest misunderstanding"
florida man assaulted by other florida man for walking into walmart with a legal concealed weapon.
florida man arrested in boynton, accused of soliciting sex from teen
florida man shot outside pasco strip club subdues attacker with shovel
florida man and florida woman plead guilty to giving unauthorized butt injections
florida man seeks legal right to wed  porn-filled  computer
florida man sentenced for molesting stuffed horse in walmart
florida man: two-year-old fatally shoots self with father's gun
impaired florida man tries to outrun deputies on golf cart
florida man stays at palm beach luxury resort as a squatter following argument with his wife
florida man dies after sauna timer malfunction, daughter says his body was "like a burnt piece of beef jerky."
florida man lets anger get the better of him at son's pee wee hocky game
florida man beats 75-year-old neighbor with baseball bat for leaving nail clippings in shared stairwell
florida man screams "he's got a gun" before tackling open carry advocate in walmart
florida man manages to get bitten by shark on dry land
teenager poses as hospital obgyn, florida man doesn't realize for a month
florida man, ex-manager of ruth's chris steak house, pleads guilty to embezzling $230,000
florida man puppeteer found with hundreds of child porn images
puppy killed when used as weapon by "honorary florida man" in beating of girlfriend in kalamazoo
florida man attacks walmart customer carrying concealed weapon
florida man literally "roasted to death" in his own sauna. family finds cooked body
florida man attacks walmart shopper for having concealed handgun under his coat. man he attacks has permit and attacker is arrested.
billionaire florida man flies to switzerland on his private jet to lecture americans on how they need to have "less things"
florida man arrested after tackling shopper carrying gun.
florida man arrested for mistreating his water buffalo
florida man buffet! fm hides sushi in pants, gets caught eating it right outside store / fm tries to steal beer, laughs at store manager before leaving / fm bites walmart employee who tried to stop him from stealing tvs /
florida man flashes his junk to gas station clerk, tries to run over deputy with shopping cart, disses deputy's fighting skills
florida congress man accuses wife of bigamy
florida man congressman accuses wife of bigamy
florida man mistakes wal-mart shopper for gunman tackles him to the ground. (video)
7 foot 1 florida man become police officer
florida man shaq was sworn in as a reserve police officer in orlando tuesday.
florida man set fire to nyu student
florida man landlord hired sex offender as property manager: lawsuit
florida man ties up south florida traffic
young florida man caught after pretending to be an ob-gyn at an hospital for a month
florida man shoots ex-wife, bystander and then kills himself at mall
defiant florida man tells police "he does not listen to his parents, so why would he listen to the officer", gets arrested
florida man slits the beaks of a dozen pelicans, leaves them to starve
florida man calls police so he can spank his daughter
83yr old florida woman accused of beating up her 87yr old florida man husband
florida man dances naked in intersection
teenage florida man plays doctor in a hospital for a month before getting caught.
florida man, or hundreds of them, going crazy driving on their dirt bikes and atvs on the highway, slapping cars and doing wheelies!
florida man records himself installing hidden camera in gym shower
governor florida man, sworn in for a second term as governor of florida, urges northerners to move to florida
florida man drops a new mixtape that is expected to be a massacre.
florida man poses as a doctor for a month
florida man wearing a ski mask and sunglasses, tells other florida man to pull down his pants during attempted robbery. other florida man shoots him dead.
florida man gives winning lottery ticket to his dog, cashes it anyways
florida man beats florida women who is later arrested for asking ride home with drugs. ps she agreed to the search too
governor florida man, accused of intentionally deleting public records, says lost public records aren't his fault
florida man law enforcement employees paid to get drunk
police: florida man posed as doctor at st. mary's hospital for month
florida man ufo hunters cry foul over nasa space station live feed
florida man called police to observe him spanking his daughter to make sure he didn't violate any laws."
this guy possesses the florida man gene
fun loving florida man arrested after creepy doll causes courthouse evacuation
florida man stops to pet a cat in a middle of a police chase.
police: gunman believed dead, 2 injured in florida mall shooting - florida man strikes again....
florida man gets chance to be pornstar thanks to wyyx radio station
outrage after south florida man police use black mugshots as targets
florida man impersonates police officer, forces woman to perform sexual acts
florida man police use images of black men for target practice
florida man receives 20-year sentence for seeking to join al-qaida group.
florida man cops use mugshots of black criminals for target practice
florida man wins $3 million from lottery ticket in his dog's christmas stocking
florida man - 2 dead, 4 arrested after florida crime spree
teenage florida man poses as anesthesiologist for a month
escaped florida man prison inmate unknowingly leads cops to prison smuggling ring
florida man jaywalks, hit and run ensues
florida man puts a girl in as quarterback, she throws 5 tds
florida man (teenager) caught in ob/gyn office posing as a doctor in a florida hospital.
florida man fights for right to drink potable beer
fleeing florida man tosses cocaine out sunroof and onto hood of pursuing police car
florida man outraged that florida police are using a picture of him for target practice.
florida man executed for 1993 murder of banker :(
florida man arrested for hurling log at teens
florida man saved the life of police officer who was arresting him
florida man police officer resigns after being stopped in car with gang member and marijuana.
florida man charged with tossing daughter into bay
florida man jihadist gets 20 years
florida man (sheriff's) office rug said "in dog we trust"
florida man prison guard helps supply hookers, booze, and spice to inmates.
in dog we trust' accidentally printed on florida man sheriff's rugs
florida man (police chief) doesn t want new officers to be shocked with taser during training
florida man takes 'selfies' after driving into building
florida man with spiderweb tattoo on his face attacks brother for changing his bed sheets.
florida man beats 75yr old neighbor in the head with a baseball bat for clipping his fingernails outdoors (and steals his manicure set)
sheriff florida man will auction off infamous "in dog we trust" rug to raise money for dogs
florida man tosses bag of cocaine out of moving car, lands on hood of police cruiser
florida man accused of attack with lumber over  possible infidelity  with cousin
florida man allegedly explains theft as  karma 
florida man charged with vandalizing artwork near police hq
florida man kidnapping victim busted after cops find he's wanted for '93 mesa kidnapping rap
kid destroys dollar store! florida man in the making!
florida man stabs brother over dog treats
florida man took nap naked on store's dog beds
florida man helps save the life of an officer arresting him.
jon stewart talks about florida man.
florida man black jesus handing out counterfeit money in bradenton, fl
florida man must hate holding his wife's purse...shoots wife in mall...
florida man decapitates his mother
florida man saves the life of police officer booking him
jon stewart has a few things to say about florida man
florida man attacked brother over bed sheets
florida man accused of stalking neighbor threatens deputies, then calls 911 to scream at dispatchers
florida man holds on to kite during a hurricane.
florida man accused of stalking neighbor threatens deputies, then repeatedly calls 911 to scream at dispatchers
florida man accused of stalking neighbor threatens deputies, then repeatedly calls 911 to scream at dispatchers, also has a past record of abusing 911.
handcuffed florida man saves the life of the police officer who arrested him
florida man and friends arrested after high speed chase
florida man drops pants, "shakes penis by moving hips in circular motion" at busy intersection
florida man fugitive arrested in mexico after 37 years
florida man arrested for possesion of drugs, wearing shirt saying he possesses drugs
60-year-old florida man arrested for impregnating a 12-year-old girl
florida man shares his inspiring life story of overcoming adversities, forging meaningful relationships, and finding a purpose in this world: "if you're not 500 pounds, a midget, or molested by your dad, we don't have a need for you," mike said.
florida man with $2.2 million bounty place on his head by al-qaeda works selling fries in local food court
florida man drops pants and dances in intersection
florida man attacks brother over bed sheets
young florida man helps save life of police officer arresting him
florida man knows how to party
florida man attempts burglary with baby.
florida man wears shirt that says "seriously, i have drugs" and is arrested for possession
florida man working as an "unlicensed physical therapist" arrested for attempting to treat back pain by penetrating woman's vagina... a technique he learned "from his grandfather"
florida man, 60, arrested for impregnating 12-year-old girl
florida man lives in sausage castle, calls gary busey uncle, and his antics manage to shock juggalos
florida man wears evidence to court
florida man arrested on street carrying marijuana plant in red solo cup; insists he was "just smelling it."
florida man does donuts on tampa golf course, crashes truck and flees on foot - remains at large
florida man wanted dead by al-qaeda is selling french fries
i present to you... neighbor of florida man with the name of our 28th president arrested for pimping too hard
florida man arrested again
florida man becomes deputy sheriff, arrested two months later for for lewd and lascivious molestation on a child
a florida man who failed to surrender himself for a 10-month prison sentence nearly four decades ago has been arrested in mexico and will be arraigned in a u.s. federal court this week
florida man in custody after 37 years as a fugitive. are we finally safe?
florida man murdered by siblings after he had sex with his sister
florida man with shovel wins gunfight
florida man, named "champion", dies after being hazed by band mates.
florida man asks sheriff to watch him spank his daughter.
florida man and florida woman arrested after moans heard at florida car dealership
florida man george zimmerman arrested for aggravated assault
florida man george zimmerman arrested again
florida man george zimmerman arrested on aggravated assault charge
florida man arrested for aggravated assault
florida man gets up close to bones, organs and veins, without making a single cut
florida man and florida woman allegedly caught getting freak-nasty on a kia at dealership
florida man gives zero fucks...
florida man and woman trapped in unlocked closet, calls 911, gets arrested
news &gt; local florida man threatens deputies during arrest, says he'll "go out new york-style"
florida man arrested for drug possession wearing shirt that says "i have drugs".
florida man accused of tossing girl off bridge called lawyer 'god'
florida man arrested for decapitating mother because she  nagged  him
florida man calls 911, explains that he was having sex with his dog and now they're stuck together, please send help.
florida man brings a shovel to a gun fight and wins
florida man gets year in prison for grand theft cart
florida man killed by his sisters after he caught the teen siblings having sex.
florida man killed by his sister after he had sex with teen sibling.
florida man trends on facebook
florida man wearing 'i have drugs' t-shirt arrested for just that
florida man with shirt that says "seriously, i have drugs" arrested on suspicion of having drugs
florida man pastor on al-qaida hit list opens french fry stand
florida man throws his 5-year-old daughter off a bridge
florida man charged with beheading mother
florida man wearing  who needs drugs  shirt busted with drugs: cops
a florida man allegedly sold his girlfriend to pregnancy fetishists on craigslist
florida man not love'd
florida man tries to cross border with a loaf of bread full of drugs
florida man throws 5-year old off bridge in st. petersburg
florida man who was wearing a t-shirt advertising that he had drugs in his possession has been arrested after police found he was carrying crystal meth and cannabis.
florida man throws 5 year old daughter off bridge.
florida man charged with murder, threw daughter from bridge
a florida man and woman are busted having sex on top a car in an automotive dealership.
florida man accused of throwing 5-year-old off bridge
florida man (16), shot and killed by abused sister (15)
florida man attacks co workers with bearded dragon
florida man beaten during drug deal gone bad calls cops.. they arrest him.
florida man deputy suspended with pay after driving drunk, crashing car, and attempting to switch seats with his girlfriend to avoid arrest.
florida man throws 5-year-old girl off bridge
florida man accused of throwing daughter off bridge had been acting strange, lawyer says.
florida man, former miami dolphins fullback rob konrad, swims 9 miles back to shore after falling out of his fishing boat
florida man called his lawyer 'god' and asked her to translate a bible in swedish
florida man accused of masturbating outside schools
florida man uses a bearded dragon as a weapon
florida man and florida woman trapped in unlocked closet for two days
florida man with baby tried to break into home
florida man denies cutting friend during argument, claims they were making 'blood brother pact'
florida man never has been good at parking
south florida man tries to trade live alligator for beer
pasco (florida) man wearing "i have drugs" t-shirt arrested on drug charge.
florida man wearing  i have drugs  t-shirt arrested on drug charge
florida man and wife charged with child neglect after leaving town while their two daughers kill their son.
florida man has drugs... seriously
florida man and florida woman arrested for shoplifting. they don't tell police that three young children were alone in their car. kids were discovered hours later.
15 year old florida woman assisted by 11 year old florida woman shoot older brother; presumed to be florida man
florida man wearing 'i have drugs' t-shirt arrested for 'possessing drugs'
only in florida man pics i took a couple of years ago near were i live. cool boat car.
florida woman, florida man busted at walmart for shoplifting.. neither of them tells cops about their three young children locked in the car.... children left locked in car for 7 hours
heavily-tattooed florida man admits to using homemade devices to start fires
florida man arrested for giving people wedgies
florida woman and sidekick sister kill their brother, florida man
flordia man, 16 years old, murdered by his florida sisters, ages 11 and 15.
florida man, just 16 years old, murdered by his florida sisters, ages 11 and 15.
florida man and florida woman arrested after trespassing in a car sales lot and having sex on top of a car
florida man beat his employees with a live lizard
florida man tells police he was driving naked around schools because he is part of a 'neighborhood watch'
a florida man wearing shirt that says 'seriously, i have drugs' ... is arrested for having drugs
florida man stabbed in confusion over harmonicas
florida man sprinkled fiancee's ashes at lenscrafters, causing mall's evacuation
florida man walks into cvs pharmacy, strips naked and pushes three dog beds together in restroom so that he can have a nap
florida man accused of beating dpd officer at phone store - dallas news | myfoxdfw.com
florida man who  exposed himself  tells police:  i was just airing out my penis 
florida man claims that black jesus was handing out fake money as a christmas gift
florida man cuts somebody, claims he was making a "blood brother pact."
florida man claims to have a picture of bigfoot bathing
florida man blames black jesus for giving him funny money as a christmas gift
florida man refuses to give police id, identifies himself as  first name civil rights, last name constitution 
florida man who organized deadly roach-eating contest arrested for slapping employee with lizard
florida man walks into cvs, strips naked, and takes a nap on dog beds
florida man allegedly decapitates mother for 'nagging' him about chores
florida man calls cops so they can watch him spank his 12 year old daughter
florida man - reptile store owner hit employees with bearded dragon, deputies say
florida man wants his $60 dollars !
florida man accused of bringing 5-month-old son to commit an armed burglary
florida man &amp; owner of delray beach reptile shop arrested for slapping employees with bearded dragon
florida man is busted after leaving his teeth at the scene of the crime
florida man accused of bringing baby to burglary
florida man attempts burglary while carrying his baby
florida man marries florida man (at least now he can)
florida man who is a catholic priest now under arrest for showing porn to a 14 year old boy.
florida man christian gomez beheaded his mother with an axe on new year's eve
florida man lights himself on fire in bizarre suicide
florida man can now marry another florida man
florida man in  no, seriously, i have drugs  t-shirt arrested for possession
florida man wearing  i have drugs  t-shirt arrested on drug charge
florida man uses doll in bomb threat
florida man arrested wearing 'i have drugs' shirt in kmart
naked florida man arrested after lying on dog beds in cvs bathroom
florida man uses bearded dragon to assault pet shop workers
florida man finds a unique way to keep his ferris wheel working
florida man and wife think they are trapped in an unlocked closet
florida man decides that the perfect place to try out his new handgun is a parking lot next to a preschool.
florida man calls cops to supervise him while spanking his 12-year-old daughter
florida man fatally shoots friend because he didn t think loaded assault rifle would really work
florida man gets pulled over for no seat belt, has over 400 grams of weed and gets 3 felonies
florida man reptile shop owner hit employees with bearded dragon and put it in his mouth
florida man stops all courthouse weddings in order to avoid marrying florida man to florida man
florida man calls cops to watch him spank 12-year-old daughter
florida man on fire in front of miami cemetary [nsfl?]
florida man vandalizes girlfriend s car because she had a psychic dream that he would have strap-on sex with his dead grandmother
florida man calls police to supervise him while he beats child with paddle
florida man says he saw bigfoot bathing ... and he sent us a picture!
florida man gets naked in cvs, lays on dog beds
florida man beheads his mother for nagging
49 crazy headlines that could only be created by florida man
florida man rang in the new year by smearing ash on his face and stealing a neighbor s car
florida man trashes girlfriend's car after she predicts his dead gran will abuse him with dildo
florida man figures out how to easily get through a checkpoint
florida man cuts mom's head off to keep from doing chores.
fire breaks out at hospital after florida man smoked crack in icu
florida man places his information in ziplock bag on a string to avoid having to roll down window at a dui checkpoint.
florida man threatens to blow up a strip club because they wouldn't let him enter with his beer.
florida man decides to build his own fireworks. surprisingly, it doesn't end well.
florida man commits drive-by shooting, steals florida cop's car without anyone noticing
florida man (and woman) trapped in an closet for 3 days. door was unlocked and they had a working cell phone.
florida man / running back shits pants
florida woman takes gift from porch, runs over man
florida man calls police to witness spanking
florida man shits his pants during game
florida man claims to have picture of bigfoot bathing
florida man charged with beheading mother because she wouldn t stop  nagging  him
florida man decapitates mom because she kept nagging him to do chores
florida man decapitated his mother, deputies say
florida man doesn't want to put boxes in the attic like his mothers asked so he cuts her head off instead.
florida man decapitates his mother!
florida man decapitates mom instead of putting boxes in the attic.
florida man allegedly decapitates mother on new year's eve
florida man is also florida cop - rips off walmart repeatedly while in uniform
florida man christian gomez beheaded mum with an axe on new year's eve
florida man decapitates mother, looks exactly as creepy as you would think.
cops: naked florida man laid on dog beds at cvs
florida man decapitates mother, claims she was  nagging  him
florida man accidentally shoots busch gardens guest from outside the park.
florida man loses hand to fireworks while ringing in new year
florida man trashes "spiritual" girlfriend's car after granny dildo sex prophecy
florida man loses hand in new year's eve fireworks explosion
florida man sleeps naked on dog beds at pasco cvs
florida man gets trapped in unlocked closet (x-post /r/nottheonion
florida man spends two days  trapped  in unlocked closet
florida man strips naked in cvs, naps on dog beds
florida man fired from hotel, hacks phone lines to spew racist hate at guests
sheriff's office: florida man decapitates his mother on new year's eve
florida man and florida woman trapped in unlocked closet for two days
florida man covered his face in ashes, stole car, then crashed it...and it doesn't end there.
a florida man and woman spent two days trapped in what they said they believed to be a locked closet -- until police let them out and discovered that the door was actually never locked.
florida man loses hand in fireworks explosion
florida man and florida woman spent two days in closet before realizing it wasn't locked
florida man tries to drag race a cadillac cts-v... wrecks into wall at orlando speedworld...
florida man calls 911 to request information and assistance on playstation network outage
floroda man gets one last fhritp news interruption of 2014. stay classy florida.
florida man and woman trapped inside closet, lock is on inside of door
florida man deputy wore uniform during his walmart thefts
florida man saves bear from drowning
florida man calls sheriff to supervise spanking his 12-year-old daughter
florida man shoots bullet in air for new year's celebration...bullet hits florida woman in the leg in busch gardens
florida man charged with murder after woman found decapitated outside his house
florida man decapitates his mom with an axe.
florida man arrested after mother found decapitated outside home
florida man charged with decapitating mom with axe
florida man arrested after decapitating mother on news year eve with axe
florida man decapitates his mother because she kept nagging him about chores
florida man arrested for decapitating mother
florida man decapitates mom with ax then props body next to garbage can
florida man leads police on a 15 m.p.h. car chase straight to his house
sheriff's office: florida man decapitates his mother
florida man decapitates mother with ax after becoming upset when she asked him to put some boxes away
florida man gets naked in cvs, lies on dog beds.
florida man able to marry florida man starting jan 5th
florida man beheads mother after she asked him to move boxes, police say
florida man sacks himself
florida man and woman 'high on meth' called 911 trapped in an unlocked closet for two days
florida man sacks himself
florida man calls 911 after playstation stops working
florida man impersonates police officer while carrying dvd of  let s be cops 
florida man vandalizes "psychic" gf's car after she tells him dead grandmother will return to rape him in his sleep
cops pull up to find florida man pointing gun at naked neighbor over loud music
florida man gets fired from maintenance job in church, so he pulls out gun to shoot pastor. pastor pulls out his own gun and shoots him first in self-defense.
florida man and weird florida 2014: fangate, nude crooks and satan
florida man in coma after falling into gas tank
meth smoking florida man is rescued after locking himself in a closet for 2 days
florida man and florida woman leave baby girl to starve to death in car while visiting buffet restaurant
florida man tips buzzer beater into own basket
florida man becomes pastor, shoots man in church.
florida man from uf's basketball team scores on own basket in last second to give fsu 65-63 win
florida man gets naked in ccs, tries to nap on dog beds.
florida man gets naked in cvs, tries to nap on dog beds.
florida man started fires with gas-filled bottles
florida man destroys girlfriend s car after argument over dead grandma f*cking him with dildo
florida man gets naked in cvs, lies down on dog beds.
florida man smokes crack in the icu and starts a fire
florida man caught by police after getaway car breaks down near murder scene, charged with first-degree murder
florida man caught by police after getaway car breaks down near murder scene, gets charged with first-degree murder
florida man shoots at cops
florida man starts fire in icu with crack pipe.
florida man calls 911 about playstation network outage on christmas day
florida man &amp; florida woman charged with first-degree murder for starving their 22-day-old infant to death in lakeland.
florida man saves 400lb black bear from drowning.
49 tremendous things that florida [man] er, men accomplished this year
florida man beats down 16 year old after his son got beat up
florida man pulls gun on naked 56 year old neighbor over loud music
it's been a great year, florida man: 49 tremendous things that florida men accomplished in 2014
top 5 florida man of 2014
drunk florida man motorcyclist busted for dui after crashing into highway patrol car
florida man [aka florida boy's] vandalism spree at dollar general store is caught on tape, kid going ham goes viral
pastor and florida man exchange gunfire inside a church
florida man prevents restaurant customers from leaving after payment system crashes in restaurant. gets arrested for illegal detainment.
florida man bans 'i can't breathe' shirts at tournament
florida man teacher has taken the year off to travel the state while living as a homeless person
pga: florida man, 103, might be oldest to record hole in one
florida man stops at woman's house during police chase to pet her cat
florida man playing xbox games on his front porch around 1:30 a.m. was clocked in the head by christmas decorations for no apparent reason
top 10  florida man  headlines of 2014
florida man dies after falling 30 feet from ropes course at shopping mall
florida man causes hospital fire by smoking crack while hooked to oxygen
florida man arrested for impersonating officer
florida man accused of impersonating officer in hernando county
florida man discovers nicest gas station toilet ever
florida man wwe wrestler kevin nash and son have brawl at home; both arrested
super hero senior citizens take down purse snatching florida man
florida man assaulted with christmas decorations in a trailer park
off-duty florida man cop shoots and kills own son on christmas eve
add "with mom" to any florida man article to make it better.
florida man shoots at woman picking through his trash
florida man puppeteer conspired to kidnap, murder, and eat children.
florida man sons' ethanol fueled rage sends diesel to jail
florida man disagreed with wife on child support, so he stabbed her in the head with a screwdriver.
florida man gets 30 years in prison for murdering trans woman
florida man assaults grandmother for taking his christmas candy
florida man tells police he wouldn t be out stealing stuff if he "had some crack"
florida man always delivers
florida man almost burns down icu because crack.
florida man almost burns down icu trying to smuggle crack to his friend.
florida man arrested after setting fire in hospital icu trying to smoke crack
4th florida man this week arrested for attempting to bring loaded handgun through orlando airport security.
florida man masturbates outside after mom won't let him watch porn in the house
florida man dies after falling from ropes course at mall
florida man chimney sweeper totals camaro, tells police 'i drunk'
florida man giving the gift that keeps on giving
florida man tells police "i wouldn't be out here stealing if i had some crack."
florida man tells police "if i had some crack i wouldn't be out here stealing."
florida man assaults his grandma after she took some of his christmas candy
florida man doctor not allowed to work on female patients anymore after drugging and "making love" to them.
florida man loses court battle in floating-home destruction
florida homeless man who dressed as santa hit, killed, by car | local news - home ( florida man )
florida man invents quadruple-wide trailer, stitching together two doublewides with a porch. bonus tiffany-blue house with african-american lawn ornaments across the street.
florida man uses his helmet as a weapon after winning a game - on national television
florida man jizzes on stuffed animal at walmart
florida man pelican wants to come inside for dinner
florida man says his package of dead rats did not cause post office sickness
florida man fakes heart attack to steal barbie car from wal-mart
florida man steals cheerleader's socks in second foot-fetish crime
florida man defecates on floor at coral springs theater
florida man pulls gun out teen-age son and friends. turns out florida man is a nationally know child psychologist.
florida man arrested with walmart steaks in his pants
florida man named roach caught at motel
florida man and nationally known child psychiatrist accused of pointing gun at son and his friends.[fixed]
florida man 'fat boy' arrested with 20 grams of pot stashed in his stomach fat
florida man cums on plush toy in wal mart
florida man attacks satanic display
florida man plunges through bakery ceiling in failed robbery attempt
golfer florida man, aged 103, becomes oldest person to ever hit a hole-in-one
florida man charged with snatching $30 out of a woman's bra
florida man crashes through ceiling during failed attempt at robbing bakery
florida man crashes through ceiling during failed attempt at bakery robbery.
florida man nearly felt out of his car as he was getting out, had his pants fall down at the beginning of a road sobriety test and  had (an) accident  while undergoing the sobriety test.
florida man lures people to jacksonville with song and dance
florida man is leroy jenkins and he's missing.
florida man tried to financially support jihadist group, sent money to fbi agent instead
florida man loses card game; stabs opponent.
florida man and his mortgages played big role in global financial crisis, claims new yorker article
florida man fakes heart attack to steal toys
florida man wanders around town setting dumpsters on fire
supreme court says florida man can marry florida man in january
florida man and 2 accomplices pimp teenage girl
florida man, 2 accomplices steal vacuum cleaner from target
florida man with 2 kids runs meth lab from home
report florida man for driving drunk, get $100 from palm beach cops.
florida woman accused of shooting florida man in buttocks during argument
florida man fakes heart attack to steal toys
florida man led prayer to satan at city council meeting
florida man, shot by dog wielding 'unloaded' pistol
florida man mayor walks out on invocation prayer to satan, zeus, allah
police: 50 yr old florida man wanted for impregnating 13-year-old
florida man fakes heart attack to steal barbie car from wal-mart
florida man chief justice hunts for goof-off judges
prison houdini' florida man set to make his 1st legal escape
florida man can sleep a bit easier with the 'internet black widow' off the streets. [see the victims at the end of the article]
florida man kills other florida man with backhand slap. gets charged with 2nd degree murder.
florida man on his g.i. joe theme park: "it's part of an  apocalypse now  type theme. 
florida man charged with cutting ears off his dog
florida man punches man, kills him over disagreement about who was first in line at convenience store
florida man flies 3,000th rescue animal to safety
florida man fakes heart attack so other florida man can steal barbie car
seaworld lays off florida man mimes
florida man fakes a heart attack at walmart so his friend can steal toys.
florida man knocked out while trying to steal a car
florida man actively exploring family business
florida man erects festivus pole out of beer cans in tallahassee's capitol building
florida man opens machine gun themed attraction...on sandy hook's second year anniversary
florida man wishes you a merry christmas [nsfw] (x-post /r/wtf)
overweight convicted pedophile florida man wins multi-million lotto jackpot
florida man and florida woman arrested for squatting in million dollar home, forging documents to take possession
party guests hospitalized after breathing carbon monoxide from cooker that florida man had moved inside
florida man cop, with 16 internal affairs cases against him, tickets harvard grad for playing n.w.a.'s "f*ck tha police"
florida man arrested for attacking two clearwater police officers and a police dog.
florida man speaks the truth about politics on craigslist
florida man responds to an atheist's billboard's 'war on christmas' by inviting citizens to jesus' birthday
florida man saves 92-year-old man by swimming into a lake, smashing the window of a sinking car, dragging the man to shore, and providing cpr.
florida man gets 30 years in prison for 2,200-mile test drive of porsche
florida man dies 2 days after rescue from sinking car
florida man police officer suspended after public masturbation allegations
florida man got around today
florida man gives impassioned interview to local news
he's laying in my front yard right now': florida man gets knocked out after being caught breaking into car: cops
seaman found guilty of sexual assault, florida man reports.
florida man punches pregnant girlfriend in the face
florida man tries to steal car, homeowner knocks him out cold
florida man respects mom's authority and jerks it in the yard.
florida man thwarted in carjacking by stick shift
florida man arrested for shoplifting during "shop with a cop" event
florida man hits 3 people with car, tells police he was going to return to scene but just had to go see mom first
florida man, a convicted sex offender, wins lottery
florida man accidentally shot in chest by friend
florida man gets 30 years in prison for 2,200 miles
florida man arrested, found masturbating outside house after his mom wouldn't let him watch porn inside.
orlando, florida man knows how to get around.
florida man officer accused of masturbating in parked car
florida man prosecuted for accepting bitcoin at a yard sale
creed singer florida man threatened to kill president obama, believes he is cia agent, family says in panicked 911 call
florida man convicted of theft with sham record company
missing girl, 13, found with florida man, 18
florida man and woman steal house in the middle of nowhere.
florida man convicted sexual predator wins $3 million in lottery
florida man, a registered sex offeneder, wins $3 million dollar jackpot
florida man arrested for smuggling snakes via plane
florida man firebombs boss' truck because meth
florida man arrested for drunken rampage through grocery store on motorized shopping cart
florida man donates a stun grenade timing fuse to a thrift shop, bomb squad called
florida man wins lottery, is sex predator
florida man arrested after masturbating outside because  mother won t let him watch porn inside 
florida man and florida woman arrested for squatting in million-dollar home after bragging about it on facebook
florida man and woman forged their way into $1.4m mcmansion before being flushed out
florida man makes sweet love to a stuffed horse in walmart
grown florida man caught masturbating outside after his mommy said no porn in the house
florida man gives one of the best eyewitness interviews to the news i've ever seen
my name is shatt ramsey florida man.
florida man gets 28 months in stolen meds case
florida man killed in pakistan, described as 'the elvis of al-qaida'
florida man witnessed atm theft, describes crime in full on florida man style
florida man yells "halp, call 91, they breakin in the door"
registered sex predator florida man wins $3 million jackpot from florida lottery
florida man offers to sell breast-shaped building to city government for $990,000
florida man charged with disorderly conduct after waiving sex toy around art basel art fair
florida man, 77, attempts fastest solo sail around globe
florida man, and another florida man, decide a great place to plan a fake story for when the cops ask them about the stolen property in their truck would be the back of a patrol car while being recorded
white florida man deputy shoots black man who witnesses say had hands up
florida man arrested for masturbating in his yard because his mother won't let him watch porn inside the house
florida woman fights with sister over man and sex toy
florida man shoots man begging not to be shot
florida man defeats home intruders with katana.
florida man on bike with pants down and dildo in his mouth harasses woman jogger (self-post from /r/themepark)
florida man leads police on 90-minute chase in stolen front-end loader
florida man takes mushroom, claims he s god, pees on friend s carpet
florida man arrested for allegedly assaulting ex-girlfriend, stealing puppy
florida man leads police on 90 minute chase in stolen front-end loader
standoff ends after florida man fires gun in home and holds woman hostage
florida man pulls fake penis from pants at art basel protest
florida man charged with triggering a car crash that killed a child testified he didn t realize the seriousness of the accident when he left the scene
let's change things up: florida man "fighting the good fight" in attempt to sue state over allowance of 64oz growler.
florida man sentenced to 37 years for sex-trafficking: organized prostitution "dates" for them and posted provocative photos of them on backpage.com
florida man suspected of killing wife, neighbor and pastor
florida man kills 3 people in custody battle over nephew
florida man driving front loader leads police on low-speed pursuit.
florida man stuffs beef tongue in pants at walmart
florida man accused of fleeing on bike with meat in pants
florida man graffiti  tagger  critical after being hit by miami police car
graffiti  tagger  critical after being hit by florida man police car
florida man charged with selling moonshine
authorities have arrested a florida man suspected in the killing his wife, a pastor and a neighbor
manhunt under way for florida man suspected in triple homicide
florida man kills parents so he can throw huge house party
florida man hired strippers to dress provocatively and pose as admissions workers to lure more students
florida man issues campus alert!
florida man assaults friend over discussion about him taking anger management classes
florida man hires exotic dancers as "admissions officers" for his for-profit college to lure prospective male applicants
florida man to display satanic temple fallen angel exhibit in rotunda of florida capitol
i see your 'florida man' and i raise you 'iowa man assaults wife with mcchicken'
florida man sets up fake drug deal at mall to catch wallet thief, beatdown ensues
florida man trying to get reduced sentence after robbing winnipeg bank pair of large fake breasts
florida man killed by alligator while trying to find more golfballs then his buddy
florida man sentenced to 60 years for rape of 1-year-old child and planning  baby orgy 
florida man sports teams employ indentured servants as concessions workers
florida man caught slipping cow tongue into pants: cops
florida man 's bill would prohibit medicare from spending $444 million on penis pumps
florida man murders his mother using a gun, knife, and bow &amp; arrow because she "stole his diamonds and also gave his father cancer".
florida man arrested at walmart trying to steal cow tongue in his pants (x-post from r/nottheonion)
florida man charged with stealing beef tongue
florida man's cousin iowa man accused of ysung sandwich as weapon
florida man accused of making meth in park bathroom
florida man mods a '98 madza!
florida man tells police he shot his mother with a gun and a bow
florida man city councilman tries to cut funding to museum that has exhibit with a photo of a nude woman
a florida man who urinated on the living room floor during the thanksgiving gathering of his girlfriend's family was arrested after he continued to make a disturbance outside the house,
florida man tries to rent a room
florida man gets a visit from police after shining laser at police helicopter
florida man christian school teacher says he has sex with 14-year-olds because he's a "wandering romantic"
florida man chokes and dies in cockroach eating contest
florida man charged with stealing beef tongue, caught with it down his pants.
florida man beach freakout (xpost /r/publicfreakout)
florida man: "what the hell? i just called 911, told them there is a monkey on the loose for sure. 
florida man shot mother in the head with bow and arrow because she "stole his diamonds and gave his father cancer."
florida man busted for cooking meth in park restroom.
florida man robs family, boils pets
florida man mods a 1998 mazda!
florida man plays gta on i95. manhunt for a guy who shot two people and carjacked multiple cars today.
florida man investigating casey anthony overlooks her google search of "fool-proof suffication"
florida woman found dead with arrows in head
florida man accused of making meth in public bathroom
florida man phuc kieu:  i was framed!  and he was!
florida man robbers who make victims strip still on the loose
florida man kills mother with handgun, arrow
florida man pisses on living room floor during family thanksgiving dinner
florida man and woman call 911 after seeing monkey running loose.
florida man has no limbs
florida man stole 6.5 pounds of cow tongue from walmart
forcing kids to live with decomposing body lands florida man in jail
florida man shoots mother in head with arrows and gun, claiming that she robbed his diamonds and gave his father cancer
florida man named michael brown shoots two women then hangs himself.
florida man creates his own prison, found rambling on side of road
florida man steals truck after being attacked by an imaginary person
florida man shot at by cops while his daughter has an asthma attack
florida man stops by the atm, pays homage to god and country in his hover round. (his sticker says keep christ in christmas)
florida man shoots mother claiming she "stole his diamonds and also gave his father cancer"
florida man charged with killing his mother using gun, bow and arrow
florida man charged with killing his mother using gun, bow and arrow
florida man fights florida man at walmart over the last gta v copy
florida man killed mother using gun, bow and arrows: police
florida man: 'no hands, no legs, no problem'
florida man reels in massive 719-pound gator after baiting it to charge with an electronic call
florida man wants to send poo-powered rocket to the moon
florida man urinates on in-laws' carpet during thanksgiving dinner
ocala florida man-child relentlessly harasses school mate.
florida man accidentally kills self while threatening wife s dog
florida man drafted to baltimore ravens late for team meeting after seeing snow for the first time to build a snowman
florida man dismissed from police force for masturbating in school
florida man with machete threatens to kill roommate, bury body in backyard
florida man allegedly has sex with toy horse at walmart
florida man accidentally kills self while threatening to shoot wife's dog
florida man jailed for forcing his girlfriend and three children to live with dead body while he claimed the deceased woman's social security benefits
florida man reports runaway monkey sighting on thanksgiving
florida man gets prison time for living with dead body
florida man and his five friends gang-rape teenager in the woods
florida man steals from church while doing community service
florida man included on brit's poorly labeled map of the states
police: florida man shoots self in face
florida man named 'phuc kieu' arrested for attempted robbery, rape
florida man accused of making meth in public bathroom
florida man named skeeter does donuts on a four-wheeler on a bridge under construction, taunts construction workers
florida man turns public bathroom into meth lab
florida man shoots self in face after threatening dog
florida man shoots himself in the face while threatening to kill dog
florida man accused of making meth in public bathroom
florida man phuc kieu suspected of sexual battery
cop shoots at florida man rushing home during daughter s asthma attack
florida man 'looked at pornography in his car before attacking a man and trying to rape him and steal his money.'
florida man threatens to shoot dog during argument with wife, accidentally shoots himself in the face
after shooting at the ocean, honest florida man tells cops "when i drink, i do stupid things"
florida man crashes his police car, causes three-vehicle pile-up, because he was on patrol for prostitutes and pulled into traffic without looking.
florida man named phuc kieu tried to rape man, steal his money after watching porn
florida man challenges cops to a race, loses
florida man takes job as copy editor for the orlando sentinel
florida man watching gay porn busted for assaulting male passerby - mans name is applicable.
florida man convicted in drunken horse riding incident arrested again in flagler county
florida man pulls back gun hammer to threaten wife, dog   then accidentally shoots self in face
florida man arrested for trying to cook meth in a park
florida man steals chainsaw in shorts.
florida man: rapist?
florida man high school student pimp?
florida man turned away at firehouse trying to report blaze, told to call 911 instead
in a confusing twist, florida man has one of the lower rates of mental illness in the country.
in a confusing twist, florida man has one of the lowest rates of mental illness in the country.
found florida man riding his bike in jacksonville
florida man named phuc kieu attempts to rob and rape another florida man.
bill cosby's shows get cancelled throughout the us, however, florida man gives him a standing ovation
florida man turned away at firehouse trying to report blaze, told to call 911 instead | stupid news network
florida man assaults wife with dog food can.
police: florida man who is a sarasota high student led prostitution ring
florida woman stabs man with keys over missing beer
florida man lights firecracker in walmart to create distraction for video game theft
florida man tries to take bicycle through taco bell drive-thru lane, causes ruckus
florida man sets his own house on fire to lure cops there so he can shoot them.
florida man and the invasion of the rat-sized snails
florida man arrested, tells investigators he spent nearly six months downloading child porn videos because he wanted to report them to police.
florida man really wanted some taco bell.
senator florida man looks at porn during debate
florida man just wanted a late night taco
florida man begins waiting in line at best buy 2 weeks before black friday. brings tent and table for dominos.
florida man posts video of himself harassing women in walmart
drunk florida man cyclist visits taco bell drive-thru at 3 a.m., is turned away
florida man wants to turn sharks into storm chasers
florida man shoots 3 at florida state university before being killed by police
florida man stabs kansas man after he answers craigs list for sex
judge tells florida man to stop kissing alligators
i found the diehard florida man
florida man accused of almost running down deputy in kohl's parking lot after shoplifting
florida man killed after shooting at florida state university library leaves three wounded
homeless florida man attempts bank robbery, waits for cops to arrive, in order to get off street, escape cold
florida man arrested after emailing himself sexually explicit photos of 12 year old boy... using the boy's mother's email account.
super sad florida man just wanted some taco bell
florida man threatens legal action for comments on his blog
florida man kills a bear, causes a local uproar
florida man arrested; poked girlfriend in eye after she served him waffles on his birthday instead of pancakes
florida man offers deputy money to let him go
florida man hits up taco bell drive-thru, while drunk on a bike
florida man intoxicated at taco bell got violent when employees refused to serve him because he was on a bicycle in the drive-thru lane
drunk florida man on bicycle arrested for fighting cops after being denied drive-thru service at taco bell
first time here, i found florida man.
florida man is from my hometown today! pbso nabs serial butt grabber in lantana.
florida man arrested in taco bell tussle
supporters say florida man framed deaf brother for murder
florida man kicked out of gym for anti-abortion t-shirt
florida man charged with setting fire in walmart
33-year-old intoxicated central florida man wanted taco bell
florida man chases and shoots at ex-wife in traffic, kills self
florida man escalates his escalade.
teen stabs [florida] man answering sex ad in florida hotel; bloody struggle ends in lobby: sheriff
florida man wishes he could pay people in trident layers
picky florida man sent to jail after attacking girlfriend over incorrect birthday breakfast
florida man, 90, and pastors vow to feed poor despite ban
florida man found smuggling people into the u.s.
youtube video lands florida man in jail
florida man charged with stealing his mom's clothes, shoes, and perfume
florida man assaults girlfriend after she makes pancakes instead of waffles for birthday
florida man fatally shot after urging mustang driver not to do donuts in the street near a playground
florida man growls at, bites police officers while being arrested
florida man arrested for lewd act with walmart stuffed animal
florida man tries to pay in bubble gum
florida man gets 105 years in prison in  nationwide sextortion case  for child porn - ny daily news
roanoke charging florida man $6,000 in personal property taxes
florida man invades election coverage as  captain hornblaster 
florida man wins $100,000 research grant to hunt bigfoot
florida man finds dead body in foreclosed home he just bought
florida man police officers draw guns during unannounced  active shooter drill  at elementary school
florida man fatally shot after warning reckless driver to slow down around kids
florida man buys a house with the previous owners body inside
florida man wearing bra allegedly blocked customers at atm
florida man attempts to avoid arrest by hugging palm tree
florida man knew he was hiv positive but never told florida woman before the two engaged in sexual activities dozens of times
90-year-old florida man arrested for feeding homeless
florida man says sunroof on his bmw exploded
saw this florida man doing 70+ today on 95.
florida man wins election with ping pong ball
florida man stole chainsaw, stuck it in his pants
deputy florida man resigns after stealing dvd from crime scene
florida man pretends to be witness after pizza heist
florida man robs pizza man then pretends to be an innocent eye witness to the crime and fingers his cousin for the crime
florida man robs pizza man then pretends to be an innocent eye witness and fingers his cousin for the crime
police arrest florida man wearing a bra for stopping people from using atm. find women s underwear, a crack pipe, brass wool and two drug needles in his pockets
14-year-old florida man who is 4-foot-7 and weighs 75 pounds tries to rob sneakers at gunpoint, charged as adult
he s blind, dumb*ss : cops ditch disabled florida man in vacant lot to protest videotaping of pot bust
florida man tries to smuggle drugs into jail in egg mcmuffin wrapper
florida man college football player wrecks car, leaves scene of the accident, only receives two traffic tickets
florida man executed for killing stepdaughter in 1992
90-year-old florida man cited for the third time for feeding the homeless; vows to continue
florida man stabs father in neck for turning off the tv
florida man caught on camera putting chainsaw in pants.
florida man and woman get caught having sex on baldwin park restaurant table in front of children |
florida man charged with masturbating with stuffed pony in wal-mart aisle
florida woman stabs florida man for "putting a curse on her," no word on if curse is still there
florida man steals chain saw by sticking it down his pants
police say a florida man stole a chain saw by sticking it down his pants.
man in uuunnnnnhhhh bbbbiiggg aasss juuuuiccyy truucckkkkkk talks to crazy crackhead florida man
armed robber florida man drags victims through store, orders them to remove pants
cox n' crendor podcast discussing florida man tv show
florida man stabs walmart cashier
florida man executed after the 1992 murders of his wife and stepdaughter
florida man tries to steal chainsaw by sticking it down his pants.
florida man walks into a restaurant and steals over $1000 worth of seafood in broad daylight
florida man walks into a restaurant, steals over $1000 worth of seafood in broad daylight
florida man shares ipod headphones with another florida man at a florida waffle house in fort myers
jokes on you, florida! man arrested for feeding homeless gets arrested again one day after first arrest.
florida man caught on cctv trying to steal a chainsaw by stuffing it down shorts
florida man steals the satellite truck for rich eisen &amp; the nfl network in miami
florida man who endorsed drug testing for food stamp recipients busted on cocaine charge
florida man sees car being towed; puts on gas mask, bullet proof vest, attacks tow truck drivers with samurai sword
florida man throws decorative lawn ornaments at neighbor in attempt to knock him off lawn mower
florida man seen walking out of restaurant with $1000 in seafood
florida man and pastor accused of raping 10-year-old girl before preaching sunday sermons
florida man pleas not guilty to 'mounting' stuffed horse in wal-mart
florida man killed by wedding ring
florida man accused of offering police officer chicken dinner for sex
florida (wo)man laughs in the face of death, survives after 45 minutes without a pulse.
florida man arrested for fighting in argument over whether or not an aquaintance is dead
florida man tries to ignite race war near disney world
florida man buys foreclosed home   finds rotting corpse in bedroom
owl terrorizes florida man forcing him to wear a box on his head
florida man electrocuted when wedding ring catches in dishwasher
florida man with no hands or feet kills himself after being named a prime suspect in his parents murder.
florida man tries to walk out of store with chainsaw stuffed down his pants
florida man to receive free vasectomy
81-year-old florida man charged with looting tangerine grove
florida man. sunday night arrest pic in tallahassee. god, i love this state!
florida man and woman gets six months in jail for public sex
florida man, 2 others, accused of raping and subsequently robbing four women at gunpoint.
florida man secures popular roller coaster at fair [/r/wtf x-post]
florida man killed while installing dishwasher.
florida man putting big government in your vagina
florida man chicken for sex part ii
florida man finds a crab in his house.
florida man arrested for calling 911, asks dispatcher on date
florida man tries to trade live gator for beer
81 year old florida man arrested for stealing $3000 worth of tangerines and "11 counts of transporting citrus without a permit"
florida man busted for calling 911, asking dispatcher out.
oh for christ's sake. florida man breaks record for not shutting up.
florida man fired after groping a woman and bragging that he wouldn't be caught
florida man without hands or legs "on the run" after double homicide | crime feed
detective of the year florida man arrested for dui
florida man offers undercover cop $3 and chicken dinner in exchange for sex
florida man is watching out for you
plannede parenthood to neuter florida man for free
florida man buys house, finds corpse on bedroom floor: "...the owner died and she couldn't pay her taxes. nobody ever came and got her, so she's still in the house."
florida man enjoys ritually killing household pets
florida man arrested for ripping the wing off a live pigeon
even after being arrested 90-year-old florida man gets another citation for feeding the homeless
planned parenthood to neuter florida man for free
florida man resists arrest while dressed as boy scout
florida man has mugshot taken, probably regrets t-shirt choice
florida man breaks into friend's house while dressed as teletubby, dumps leftover chinese food into 'man purse'
florida man calls dispatcher 3x to ask on date.
florida man buys foreclosed home, finds body inside
florida man arrested for exposing genitals to trick or treaters
florida man gives florida waiter a big tip to fix his car.
florida man: road rage leads to parking lot fisticuffs.
florida man calls 911 for a date, gets jail
florida man bribes undercover cop with chicken dinner in exchange for sex
florida man accuses cult of giant snail smuggling
florida man purchases a foreclosed home.. finds partially eaten mummified body inside
florida man gets kicked out of church for cursing and shouting obscenities.. gets arrested for headbutting.
florida man arrested after kissing/caressing/swimming with alligators
florida man robbed his own grandmother
florida man, quadruple amputee, 'on the run,' a person of interest in parents' murders
81-year-old florida man charged with looting polk tangerine grove
florida man accused of pilfering 11 truckloads of fruit from tangerine grove, reselling it
florida man arrested after calling 911 to ask dispatcher on a date
90-year-old florida man arrested for helping homeless
florida man tries to steal dirt bike, hides in garbage can
florida man opens successful "bikini car wash" to raise money for daughter's school for kids with autism. ...touch , florida man.
florida man buys house, finds corpse in his new bedroom
florida man continues to feed homeless despite looming criminal charges | fox news
a florida man who lost his hands, feet and parts of his limbs to bacterial meningitis has been named a "person of interest" in the fatal shootings of his parents in their orlando area home.
florida man buys a foreclosed house, with a body inside.
florida man cop arrives to help mentally ill man, kills him in own home instead
florida man who happens to be a quadruple amputee on the run after his parents were murdered - considered 'armed &amp; dangerous'
florida man arrested for giving food to homeless
florida man arrested for taking 10-day 'test drive' from car dealership
florida man votes against medicine for cancer patients while other states legalize for recreational purposes
florida man called 911 to ask dispatcher on a date
florida man spots chicken crossing the road
florida man defrauds tax payers of billions; reelected.
florida man (men &amp; women) elect felon governor again
florida woman arrested for knocking down pregnant wife of man who kicked florida woman's dog
florida man causes car wreck, fights police officer at walmart, eats ecstasy
florida man tried to lure two children into his van as their mother was voting
florida man gets gets in head on collision, flees scene, gets tazed, and manages to pop an ecstasy pill before getting handcuffed
florida man cop accused of breaking 14-year-old girl's arm during arrest
quad amputee florida man 'person of interest' in his own parents' slaying
florida man "meatspins" fsu panama city campus. (old, but needed to be here)
90 year old florida man arrested for feeding homeless people, faces possible jail time
florida man makes music video after being the suspect of a shirtless cook story.
police charge 90-year-old florida man, 2 pastors with feeding homeless
florida man blown off wall during hip-hop photo shoot meets nelson muntz
florida man shoots neighbor during argument over dog poop
florida man discovers a crab in his house
r/funny recognizes a florida man moment
florida man tries to speak spanish on television.
florida man steals neighbor's small plane for scrap
florida man, thinking neighbor's small plane was junk, takes it for scrap
three florida men (a 90 year old man and 2 pastors) charged with feeding homeless
florida man steals car, craps pants.
90-year-old florida man faces 60 days in jail for feeding the homeless
90-year-old florida man faces jail time for feeding homeless
90-year-old florida man arrested for feeding homeless people
florida man blown off wall during hip-hop photo shoot
florida man claims he's been off crack for "3 years" as he runs around car dealership with stolen balloons
florida man cop arrested for raping woman at gunpoint
wind blows florida man into ocean during rap photo shoot
florida man says he has 'no idea' why ex-girlfriend's mom would plot to have him fed to alligators
naked florida man in halloween full monty goes full pumpkin on the treaters.
90 year old florida man arrested for feeding homeless.
florida man (captain horn blaster) interrupts news live shot.
florida man running for local office posts phony obama endorsement letter to facebook
florida man is out-done by texas man who stabbed his roommate for having a birthday threesome that got too loud
florida man shoots neighbor whose dog pooped in his yard.
a florida man named william lewis broke the record wednesday for the most expensive starbucks beverage with a grande latte that cost $83.75 and contained 99 extra shots of espresso and 17 pumps of vanilla syrup, mocha and matcha powder.
florida man grows from bat boy to bat man
florida man murders groundskeeper over $65
florida man 'kills housemate, has sex with her dead body and then has haircut'
florida man convicted of beating fellow marching band member to death
florida man has sex with woman on top of his police car; threatens her with arrest and death
florida man dressed like an ancient egyptian steals eliza dushku's bag at comic con.
florida woman pulls gun on man while having sex in a moving car
florida man stuffs chainsaw up shirt, tries to bicycle away
florida man arrested while getting a haircut after killing his roommate and having sex with her corpse.
florida man charged with woman's death, necrophilia
after working as bodybuilder/chiropractor, sex party-loving florida man has new job swimming with gators; is arrested
florida man assaults quadriplegic with a fucking fish.
florida man gets arrested in an apt t shirt
florida man breaks 90 lb 15-year-old girl s arm in school over talking on a cellphone
florida man wears prophetic t-shirt in mugshot
florida man tries to steal chainsaw by hiding it underneath his shirt
florida man accused of stealing chainsaw by hiding it under his shirt
florida man can't seem to stop getting arrested for public nudity in port st. lucie
florida man tried to steal a chainsaw by hiding it under his shirt
florida man beats girl over the head with plastic water pitcher for not doing dishes
florida man says "spiritual calling  led him to wander around outside naked in nothing but cock ring
florida man submits children's satanic coloring book to use in schools
florida man shoots restaurant worker because he was upset at the price of an order
florida man becomes irate that daughter learns about muslims in school, threatens vice principal, gets banned from school
florida man mistakes ex-girlfriend for burglar, shoots her after she broke down door to pick up her things, he says
florida man mistakes girlfriend for burglar, shoots her.
florida man accused of cooking and feeding his ex's dog to her and sending her the severed paws
florida man fights cop, says "i'm allowed to have a beer after work and you can't stop me"
florida man removes dog's eye without owner's consent
florida man, a gunsmith, makes an office call, hospital freaks out and goes on lockdown
florida man kills and has sexual intercourse with dead body, then proceeds to go get a haircut
florida man builds secret apartment at mall, gets away with it for four years
bryan santana, florida man, accused of killing roommate, attempting to kill another
florida man has sex with roommate's body after killing her
florida man tried to use a taco as id after accidentally setting his car on fire
florida man breaks into home dressed as yellow teletubbie, raids fridge and dumps chinese food into a "man purse"
101-shot "gag" latte: florida man "games the system" to purchase 160-ounce drink.
florida man equipped with crocs, hardhat, and a 49cc engine on a 6 lane highway.
florida man dies after winning roach eating contest.
florida man hangs black face people as halloween decorations.
florida man arrested with 'go directly to jail' monopoly shirt on
florida man pops a wheelie to woo a woman, flies off overpass
florida man bludgeons wife to death in st pete, police say
florida man arrested again for food stamp fraud
florida man calls 911 about homeless man sleeping in his car.. cops arrive, find 78 grams of weed, arrest florida man
florida man fails to murder wife with a stun gun and plastic bag
who takes on a 765 pound alligator and wins? a florida man, that's who.
florida man freaks out after being told 'god bless you'
florida man finally discovers why his head, hands, and feet are growing out of control
the freaks come out at night: florida man not happy that creepy clowns are terrorizing the neighborhood when the sun goes down.
florida man uses stun gun on sleeping florida woman wife in murder attempt
florida man sleeping, caught with 150 pounds marijuana
florida man who led secret service prostitution investigation resigns after being caught with a prostitute.
meet the half-blind florida man who hand feeds 14 big cats - including a 700lb siberian tiger - and lets them cuddle in his bed
half-blind florida man hand feeds 14 big cats - including a 700lb siberian tiger - and lets them cuddle in his bed
florida man who attacked drag queen while wearing  ironic  kkk costume running for mayor
half-blind florida man who owns a sanctuary shows how he hand-feeds 14 big cats, including a 700lb siberian tiger
florida man claims self-defense after shooting pregnant wife in the back of the head
florida man shoots pregnant wife in back of the head, claims it was self-defense
florida man gives audience members cocaine on stage
florida man fatally shot pregnant wife in back of head before calmly reporting her murder: police
florida man says he was stealing a tv from walmart so he could watch dukes of hazzard, wanders off to eat fried chicken
intoxicated florida man subdued by one armed man with a hammer
florida man arrested after robbing maryland bank
florida man goes for walk on beach, finds 20 kilos of cocaine and 20 pounds of pot that washed ashore.
florida man shoots and kills 400-pound black bear after it broke into his house two nights in a row to get to a bag of dog food.
florida man shoots 400-pound bear breaking into his house
florida man shoots a 400-pound black bear that broke into his house, the adult bear was one of the biggest bears seen in area
florida man shot over dog leaving feces in neighbor s yard
florida man charged with animal cruelty after having 'gentle intercourse' with pet beagle
florida man and florida man capture 765lb alligator, name him "lumpy"
florida man steals truckload of beer
florida man gets into scuffle with a bouncer over a $5 cover charge
florida man has not seen a hurricane in 9 years
marlins man, florida man's more productive, successful, and nicer cousin, gives seat to a navy singer after 'god bless america' [x/post r/baseball]
florida man drinks from the fountain of youth
florida man accidentally texts probation officer for pot
florida man defends home, dog named bear, from actual home invading bear
florida man held three years in mexico on drug charges returns to u.s.
florida man shot during argument over dog poop
florida man shot in argument over dog poop
florida man to make identity more secret by removing bentley tattoo from forehead
florida man police use action-movie arsenal to catch teen who stole cigarettes
florida man sells serial killer dumpsite evidence, locks of killers' hair, runs 'murderabilia' website
florida man faces multiple charges after 134 guns, ammunition and pipe bombs were confiscated from his home, business and property.
florida man to secede
florida man wants to split off, become south florida man.
florida man uses machete to stab nephew over dinner
florida man crashes prototype flying car designed by missionary
florida man arrested for having "gentle sexual intercourse" with his beagle
florida man arrested for masturbating on lynx bus in front of women
florida man crashes flying car.
florida man decides to go through a sex change despite being a married father who teaches a high school classes
florida man takes infant on joy ride while fleeing from police
38,000 beers stolen from truck by florida man
google invests $542 m in bizarre florida man promising virtual reality
big-rig with 44,000 pounds of miller high life beer stolen by presumably one or more florida man
florida man arrested for beating drag queen with tiki torch while dressed as member of kkk, now running for mayor
dea complaint charges south florida man with supplying drugs to clinics in mlb drug scandal
trial to decide if florida man really needs medical marijuana
500 pound florida man wouldn t fit in a standard patrol car
florida man took selfie after ex-lover shot him in the chest
florida man breaks down in tears after his truck load of beer is stolen
florida man finds 10 foot burmese python at construction site
drunken 500-pound florida man couldn't fit into patrol car
florida man petitions nintendo to port nintendo game to sony platform, cites anti-trust law
florida man petitions nintendo to bring smash bros. to vita
florida man shoots &amp; kills roommate over how to prepare pork chops
florida man and business owner, prepping for economic collapse, arrested for gun purchases and manufacturing explosives.
florida man fires military style assault rifle in downtown office building
florida man orders dogs to attack roommate during heated dispute
florida man exposes himself, urinates on floor of clematis street pub
florida man steals truck and a cargo of 44,000 pounds of beer.
florida man stabs machete-wielding nephew for eating too many pork chops
florida man has intercourse with a toy horse in walmart
florida man, weighing 500 pounds, resists arrest by sitting on the ground.
florida man accused of stabbing nephew over a pork chop
florida man  lucky he didn t kill somebody  trying out concrete-piercing rifle ammo downtown
florida man makes off with 44,000 lbs of miller high life
kansas city royals rattled by surprise appearance of florida man
florida man takes selfie while bleeding after being shot by ex lover
florida man stabs nephew for eating too many pork chops
florida man stabbed, another knocked unconscious by pool ball over stolen chicken wing
report: drunken 500-pound apopka, florida man too big for patrol car
a florida man eating chili at a golden corral restaurant said he bit into the head of a "snaggletoothed" rat, according to video from wftx.
florida man stalks woman he is involved in a affair with, takes selfie after she shoots him in the chest (have to read the whole article to get to that part) - who the heck takes a selfie after being shot in the chest?!?!?!
drunk 500lb florida man pokes women in chest, falls to ground and challenges officers to move him, doesn't fit in police car
florida woman drove florida man son to holly hill apartments to commit shooting
6 foot tall, 500 pound florida man arrested but too large to fit in back of police car
police handcuff florida man after he refuses to stop masturbating in their interview room
florida man says he found rat's head in chili
florida man officials want south florida to break off into its own state
florida man stabs his nephew in dispute over pork chops
florida man exposed himself at sanford mall, said he was "extreme shopping"
florid man becomes the costume that guarantees it will scare florida voters.
florida man becomes the costume that guarantees it will scare florida voters.
florida man wants to create 51st state in south florida
florida man loses job over shirtless photos
florida man drives evangelion rei and asuka fanart-mobile
chili's fires florida man for taking shirtless pictures of himself while cooking
florida man robs gas station of $25, gets caught, refuses to stop fondling himself while in police custody
florida woman injures eye "while biting man on inside of his left thigh"
florida man is at it again! in response to your anime themed floridacar, here's a hello kitty mobile i spotted outside of tampa.
florida man at chili's fired over shirtless pictures taken while he was laying across prep table
florida man told to push bicycle home, decided it was too heavy
florida man steals 244 campaign signs.
florida man says he found rat's head in his chili.
florida man man repeatedly attacked his roommate for refusing to give him $20 to pay a woman for oral sex
police looking for florida man after he kisses kids in target and a community pool bathroom
florida man sentenced to life without parole for loud music killing
florida man arrested for lewd act with stuffed animal inside walmart store
florida man clears a jail courtroom by claiming he has ebola
florida man gets life in prison for killing teen over loud music
florida man killed himself and two of his children in their home just west of port orange authorities said. a third child was injured and is in critical condition at an area hospital,
florida man seen giving 'mouth-to-mouth' to dog
police arrest toilet parts stealing florida man
arizona man goes to florida and does his best florida man impersonation by sneaking a camera under womens skirts at walmart
arizona man goes to florida and does his best florida man impersonation by sneaking a camera under women's skirts at walmart
arizona man, doing his best florida man impersonation, is arrested for sneaking a camera under women's skirts at walmart
til florida man is peter pan
florida man revives sick dog with  mouth-to-snout  cpr
obsessive ex's cyberstalking gets florida man fired, arrested
drunk florida man causes thousands in damage with bobcat front end loader he stole thursday night.
regulators charge florida man in precious metals scam
florida man, aka puppy rapist, gets 5 yrs in prison
florida man accused of stealing restaurant plumbing
florida man killed children after argument with wife: cops
florida man deputy arrested for getting blowjob from suspect instead of arresting her.
florida man dismembers neighbor s pumpkin while dressed as  creepy clown 
florida man - governor rick scott
florida man accused of stealing restaurant's plumbing
florida man wears "f--- the police" t-shirt to court and wins case
2014 gubernatorial debate between rick scott and charlie crist to become "florida man"
florida man masturbates with stuffed horse in walmart.
creepy florida man clown pops up in jacksonville
florida man charged with stealing toilet parts from fast food restaurants
florida man gets life in prison in loud music killing
florida man tries to get out of court appearance by claiming he has ebola.
florida man accused of stealing plumbing pieces from toilets at restaurants
florida man with tom brady helmet tattooed on his head is jailed on felony narcotics charge
florida woman sues florida man ex-husband for giving her an std he got from a hooker
florida man gets life in prison for loud music killing
florida man builds million-dollar home in wrong place
florida man murdered unarmed black teen
florida man caught raping stuffed animal at walmart
florida man attempts to speak spanish during gubernatorial debate
florida man has issue with fan
florida man arrested for having sex with a stuffed horse in a florida walmart. | dumb crime | happy place
florida man takes a stuffed toy to the bedding area in walmart and has sex with it in the store.
florida man and governor is not allowed to debate because he has a fan under the podium.
florida man makes love to stuffed toy in the bedding area at walmart.
florida man builds $1m house on wrong lot
florida brony man
florida man dies in freak accident after his lawn mower slides into a canal and traps him underneath it
florida man who goes by the name gelding was surgically castrated. in 2011, he had his penis removed as well. he's a "nullo": a cisgender man who removes his external genitalia completely as a form of body modification
florida man musician removed from bond hearing after several outbursts, including one in which he starts drumming on a podium.
florida man charged with sex act on stuffed horse inside walmart
florida man masturbated with stuffed animal in walmart
florida man rapes stuffed horse.
florida man refuses to participate in a debate because of a fan, his explanation will shock you.
florida man created 3d printed #fangate meme
florida man caught making love to stuffed toy horse in walmart bedding dept, then returning semen-covered horse to the store shelf.
florida man, rick scott, doesn't want to debate because of a fan
florida man governor rick scott doesn't come to political debate because of a fan
florida man refuses to take the stage at a gubernatorial debate because the other candidate has a fan
florida man arrested after towing grandchild's toy car behind suv.
florida man builds $680,000 home on wrong lot
florida man accused of luring 13-year-old from central fla. to davie for sex
florida man arrested for fucking a plush horse in walmart
florida man and florida woman left 3 babies home alone to shop at walmart.  also inside the home were several loaded guns in plain view. 
florida man masturbated with stuffed animal at walmart
florida man drives around with grandma's casket strapped to the roof of his car (x-post /r/trashy)
florida man charged with hiding sausage in pants - police
florida man visits wal-mart in the afternoon, has sexytime with stuffed horse, politely places cum-covered horse back on shelf.
florida man builds beautiful, million dollar home on wrong lot.
florida man arrested for having sex in walmart with a stuffed animal
florida man arrested for allegedly masturbating using a stuffed animal inside walmart.
police: florida man charged with sex act on stuffed horse inside walmart
florida man steals 36,000 lbs of crisco from semitrailer - still no sign of it
oh florida man, you have outdone yourself
florida man accused of humping a stuffed animal at walmart, putting it back on the shelf
florida man goes around identifying and then flushing toilets while he films for years
florida man arrested for performing sex act on stuffed horse in walmart
florida man sets fire to gf's dog because she broke up with him.
florida man backs out of live gubernatorial debate because opponent has fan at his feet.
florida man refuses to debate because a fan is on stage
florida man refuses to debate because of fan
florida man and cop accused of keeping woman out of jail in return for oral sex.
prospective florida man and wife build $680,000 dream home on the lot next to the one they actually own
florida man throws dagger at homeowner, claims his sister was burned at the stake
florida man arrested, accused of exposing himself and masturbating in front of a sunbather
florida man nearly mauled after opening trunk, finding unconscious bobcat has woken up
florida man arrested for throwing a dagger at a florida man who then shot him
florida man prosecutor behind 'crack hoes' facebook post cleared
florida man pleasures himself on walmart stuffed animal and then returns it to shelf
florida man arrested for masturbating in walmart with stuffed animal
florida man arrested for dancing nude on the highway
truck stolen by florida man with 36,000 pounds of crisco inside
florida man arrested by impatient cop as credit card verification stalls at nightclub
florida man shot after throwing dagger.
florida man refuses to leave stranger's home, claims his sister was a witch and burned there, gets shot and starts dancing
florida man caught trying to steal from deputy's personal vehicle
florida man loves the patriots
florida man sighting in orlando craigslist
florida man threatens to kill his wife after she catches him having sex with another woman.
florida man loves jesus, decorating car.
florida man uber driver arrested after putting hand inside passenger's blouse
slow credit card verification lands florida man in jail
credit card confusion sends florida man to jail
florida man, convicted puppy rapist, sentenced to 5 years in prison
florida man robs gamestop and forces employee to strip.
florida man sets terminally ill dad on fire
florida man loses his thumb after putting his hand in a tiger cage owned by florida man drug kingpin
florida man, suspect in an armed robbery, sends selfie to victim's friend
new hampshire man has patriots helmet tattooed on head; moves to florida, is soon arrested
florida man from out of town - with new england patriots helmet tattoo on his head arrested in florida
floridaman: new hampshire man has patriots helmet tattooed on head; moves to florida, is soon arrested
new england man turned florida man delivers in a grand fashion.
florida man arrested for having active meth lab in pants
florida man with patriots helmet tattooed on his head arrested on synthetic weed charges
florida man with tom brady's helmet tattooed onto head arrested
hernando florida man teacher/coach charged with sexual battery / statutory rape with multiple florida teen
florida man finds a live grenade at his house.
florida man explains why florida is as crazy as it is
florida man knocks on neighbor's door in the middle of the night, asks for sex.
florida man wears "fuck the police" t-shirt to court and still wins his case.
florida man arrested after he was caught taking upskirt photos.... in walmart.
forgetful bigamist florida man doesn't remember marrying second wife, blames drug binge
florida man tries to run to bermuda, needs rescuing
past misdeed weighs heavy on florida man
florida man wears 'fuck the police' t-shirt to court
florida man convicted of raping his 8-month-old pit bull puppy will spend five years in a state prison.
dead florida man (teen) turns out to be made of wood
every florida man pays a massive tax to send their stupidity over the air to other dimwits.
florida man "running" to bermuda in a bubble rescued.
south florida man saves family pet after dog bites toxic bufo toad, has a seizure and nearly drowns
florida man wears "fuck the police" t-shirt to court!
florida man attacked by stripper with an axe.
florida man attacked with ax by drunken stripper girlfriend after he picked her up from "work."
florida man charged with smuggling protected tortoises out of alabama, planned to eat them.
thanksgiving for homeless florida man/florida woman.
florida man in quarantine until ebola test results come back
drunk florida man crashes vehicle on louisiana causeway, then jumps off (caught on video)
florida man drinks stolen beer in cvs bathroom, pees on curb outside store
florida man gets bit by tiger.
florida man accidentally pocket dials 911 while cooking meth
part-time florida man bill gates in a heap of trouble for his excess horse shit.
dog poop causes armed argument between florida man neighbors
florida man accidentally pocket-dials 911, leading police to his meth lab.
florida man fatally shoots woman in head with what he thought was an unloaded gun
florida man burns cross in neighborhood because he was robbed while trying to buy drugs
florida man and florida woman decide swinging for jesus should be a thing
florida man floating in bubble rescued by coast guard
florida man kills friend for "poking" his girlfriend on facebook
florida man wears 'f--- the police' shirt to court   and wins the case
florida man wears 'fuck the police' t-shirt to court; wins case.
man recused after trying to run from florida to bermuda in a bubble.
florida man in human-powered inflatable bubble trying to run from fl to bermuda is rescued by u.s. coast guard.
florida man shoots woman in the head for  jokingly  slapping him, police say
scary florida man tries to keep job.
florida woman 'jokingly' slaps florida man, so he fatally shoots her in the head
florida man running in inflatable bubble rescued off coast of miami
naked florida man cuts own throat and tries to smash his way into a neighbors house. he died later at the hospital.
florida man in bubble saved by coast guard
florida man charged with stalking police
florida man gets a daytime dui in florida. driver crashes head on and tries to run away.   /r/justiceporn
florida man punches 80 year old man in the face at an applebees bar.
florida da man found in waldo. removed.
florida man found in waldo. asked to leave.
florida man arrested for phoning 911 to ask for a ride to the shop.
florida man gets 5 year sentence for raping puppy.
florida man arrested for punching 80-year-old in applebee s who asked him to stop swearing about female genitalia
florida man convicted of traveling to sarasota to have sex with a child, having bad hair
teen florida man restricted from wearing 'trojan man' condom costume at school
florida police man on paid leave after using taser on 61-year-old woman (tallahassee)
florida man breaks into coin machines with sledgehammer, injures arm
florida man calls 911 because flies are in his kitchen
florida man says, "you can't go around tasing grandmas"
florida (wo)man drives with baby in the trunk to avoid being ticketed for not having a car seat
a florida man faces a battery charge after allegedly punching an 80-year-old man who asked him to stop cursing in an applebee's.
florida man convicted of being a murderously bad music critic
man in florida convicted in loud music case
florida man in wheelchair asked to be wheeled out of kmart with stolen tv
florida man and woman arrested for having sex in the street insist it was because they had 'nowhere else to go'
florida man teams up with domino's pizza founder to create a town without democracy.
florida police man fires 9 times into a crowd. kills innocent woman. blames suspect for murder.
florida man reporter finds missing florida boy while reporting on his disappearance
florida man charged with molesting vending machine
florida man makes rules and regulations.
florida man pop-lockin' it at a stop light
florida man walks into stranger's yard, begins stabbing dog, leaves.
florida man punches 80 year old who politely asked him to stop talking so loudly about "titties and ass" in applebee's.
florida man and accomplice accused of attacking "scary" pirate who scared them
florida has highest number of criminology majors presumably to study florida man
florida man played doctor with dog drug on his sick girlfriend
police still florida man he won't get a taxi by calling 911. he calls twice again, just to be sure.
police tell florida man he won't get a taxi by calling 911. he calls again, twice, just to be sure.
dispute over vet bill led to arrest of 85-year-old florida man
florida man collects $21k in coins, donates to animals
florida man donates $21,495 that he found in spare change over 10 years to local animal rescue
florida man dressed as pirate attacked by "scared" assailants : police
jordan davis case: florida man guilty of first-degree murder
florida man convicted of killing teenager after argument over loud music
florida man (26) punches old man (80) in face for asking him to stop swearing in an applebees.
florida man convicted of murder in dispute over rap music
florida man(atee) watches over dog during rescue
florida man convicted of murder in dispute over loud rap music [globe &amp; mail]
florida man dressed as capt. jack sparrow attacked by armed neighbors.
florida man punches elderly in the face at applebees because florida man won't stop cursing.
florida man accused of sex with a dog
florida man robbed same downtown orlando atm 3 times
florida man with naked florida woman drive big rig into elementary school bus.
florida man tries to get his drug dealer arrested for selling fake pills.
florida man accused of killing girlfriend's puppy
florida man punches 80-year-old man in the face after he politely asked him to stop cursing inside a restaurant
florida man drives car into water to avoid capture.
florida man encourages white house to install adt.
florida man is sporting a large crater in his cranium
florida man beat by wife because he wasn't a christian
florida man robs gas station he visits daily
florida man refused to move car for rescue helicopter landing
florida man causes nearly $10,000 in damage during drunken joyride in bobcat front loader
florida man breaks into high school to steal baby pig
florida man escapes prison to buy beer, comes back before anyone notices
florida man slams empty log truck into school bus; naked woman ejected from log truck. police unsure why woman was naked.
florida man thinks he's a genius.
florida man arrested for preventing a med-flight heliocopter from landing at an accident scene. said he had trouble hearing as he drove around the eight emergency vehicles blocking the road.
florida man with classy wife
florida man and friends imprisoned for baby formula theft ring.
florida man refuses to move car for emergency helicopter
florida man and wife swing for jesus
florida man driving for uber arrested for fondling passenger
wasp sting sends florida man to hospital
florida man sneaks into beds of sleeping women, licks one
florida man gets five years in prison for raping puppy
florida man refuses to move his car for a medevac carrying car crash victim.
florida man and his fellow christian bodybuilding enthusiasts "wife-swap their way to jesus"
florida man and woman changing the way people think about their faith   with a hookup website for devout christian swingers!
deaf and disabled florida man shot 6 times and killed by plain clothes volusia county sheriff's deputy.
florida man, a high school student, rapes his teacher on the high school campus
florida man tries to carjack but fails miserably (article in comments)
florida man goes on rampage
florida man stabs and kills cyclist on his way to propose to his girlfriend
florida woman "stabs" florida man with "blades" on lawn...
florida man told a 911 dispatcher he had just killed his six grandchildren, including a baby, and would wait until authorities arrived before going to his back porch and killing himself.
florida man breaks into homes and crawls into bed with 2 women, licks 1
florida man swims out into the gulf of mexico and saves 375lb black bear from drowning.
florida man high school senior rapes, chokes teacher on campus
masked florida man steals $315 worth of sex toys
florida man steals sex toys from a lingerie store while dressed as a ninja.
florida man nearly decapitates woman, claims "stand your ground."
florida woman imprisons florida man after he complains she didn't pay attention to him during sex
florida man falls into a woodchipper in front of his sons
florida man accused of doing hatchet job on atm machine
florida man, deaf, killed by deputy for not following orders
florida diocese sued for $5m in damages, because they ignored a prior complaint against florida man (florida minister), who of course, went on to abuse another child.
florida man caught on camera beating an atm with a hatchet
florida man shoots wife after mistaking her for an intruder, police say
florida man mistakes 60-year-old wife for intruder, shoots her in the face
florida man rapes his teacher.
florida man sold oxycodone from lexus in a bound brook parking lot
florida man crashes stolen car, then steals and crashes rescue vehicle
florida man slices open giant african snails and squeezes their juices into the mouths of his followers, making them violently ill.
florida man -atee comforts pooch stranded in river: " this manatee kept our scared, wet pup company until tpd marine patrol could complete the rescue."
florida man attacks atm machine with hatchet
florida man wearing dope jersey arrested on drug charges
students warned to beware of florida man: a bike-riding butt-grabber on a college campus
florida man calmly describes killing 7 in chilling 911 call
florida man knows no bounds
florida man allegedly threatened to shoot drive-thru employee over burger
florida man on trial for murdering teen during an argument over loud music outside a jacksonville convenience store.
florida man shot by his own dog. dog walks free.
florida man charged with using gun to demand hamburger at checkers in west palm beach
florida man rapes puppy, gets sentenced to 5 years.
florida man kills 6 grandkids, daughter
new murder trial begins for florida man who shot dead black teenager
florida man teacher arrested on charges of having sex with teen
florida man found guilty for letting child drink sulfuric acid out of a sippy cup.
florida man fucks puppy
florida man accused of sexually molesting puppy has been sentenced to prison
retrial to begin for florida man accused of shooting teen over loud music
florida man rubs genitals on pizza
father defends florida man who got into argument with grandmother over dirty shoes, tell police "all he did was hit her with a chair"
florida man invokes the 'just kidding' defense over attempted armed robbery of a country club bar
florida man is charged with disobeying officers' orders after they called his mother to come pick him up.
florida man, retired cop, likes little kids way too much.
florida man doesnt have a fridge
florida man gave gun to son who threatened suicide
florida man and woman teach daughter to not bully by embarrassment
florida man arrested for watching porn in public park, says he was just checking facebook
florida man kills 6 grandchildren
shirtless, barefoot, greasy florida man shows how much he hates soaring airfares
sheriff: florida man kills 6 grandchildren, daughter
florida man fatally shoots daughter and 6 grandchildren - nytimes.com
florida man who killed 6 grandchildren, daughter, had criminal history and accidentally killed son in 2001
florida man goes full florida man.
florida man falls asleep while robbing a house.
florida man tries to sneak into wheel well of plane at oia
florida man kills daughter and 6 grand children, then takes own life
florida man escapes prison custody to buy beer, comes back before anyone notices
florida man accused of stalking bristol palin
florida man is officially on notice
florida man shoots dead daughter, six grandchildren and himself
police find florida man asleep in his car with a banana in his hand and a mobile meth lab in the trunk
florida man kills his 6 grandchildren, daughter: sheriff
florida man throws son a handgun after son threatens suicide.
florida man chokes wife for eating his leftover chicken. (xpost)
florida man tells deputies he s  having fun  peeing on cars
florida man really wants his checkers hamburger
florida man accused of masturbating at yoga class, now on the run
florida man (veteran) chooses jail instead of giving ex-wife half his disability pay.
florida man celebrating his birthday in las vegas, finds passed out tourist in bathroom, performs oral and anal sex on the man
florida man distributes satanic coloring books at florida public schools
florida man wants money for his web design business!
florida man caught masturbating in yoga class
sheriff deputies search for florida man seen in women's campus bathroom and caught masturbating in a yoga class
florida man arrested for killing ex-girlfriend, eating her brain
smelly, shirtless/shoeless florida man avoids soaring airfares
florida man shot and killed a daughter and six grandchildren
florida man kills his daughter and her six children
6 children, 2 adults dead in florida-man grandfather murder-suicide
florida man reportedly shoots and kills daughter, 6 grandchildren
6 children, 2 adults dead in florida man murder-suicide
florida man murders family
florida man shoots his daughter, then his 6 grandchildren
florida man kills daughter and grandchildren, then self
florida man falls asleep while robbing home, cops share hilarious photos
florida man driving special needs bus pulls over, solicits prostitute
florida man suspected of being drug dealer tells undercover cop "i'm too smart to get caught"
florida man hits and chokes wife after she complains about fried chicken leftovers
florida man accused of calling 911 eight times in two hours to complain abut not having a refrigerator
florida man accused of calling 911 eight times in two hours to complain about not having a refrigerator
florida man chokes wife over lack of fried chicken leftovers: police
drunken florida man, upset because he s 28 and had to move back in with his parents, fires ak-47 multiple times in neighborhood, officials say
a florida man chokes his wife over leftover chicken
florida man chooses jail when ordered to give half his veteran's disability check to his ex-wife
florida man jumps up on table in student union; screams"fuck her right in the pussy."
florida man sexually assaults man at las vegas day club
florida man accused of pleasuring himself at yoga class
florida man and woman allegedly break into house just to have sex
florida man masturbates during yoga class
florida man impersonates police officer, being sought by real police
florida man, armed with fake gun, tries to rob country club. says he was "just kidding". arrested anyway.
florida man kills his sister at her 40th birthday party while attempting  tombstone  gun stunt
florida cop responds to domestic disturbance, turns out florida man and florida woman were banging on living room floor
florida man kills four, sells their dogs on craigslist
florida man and panther vie over goats
florida man arrested for choking wife over fried chicken.
florida man distributes religious texts in schools, satanic temple follows suit
florida man warned not to mess with this caterpillar
florida man dares a judge to give him the death penalty...
florida man hid drugs under stomach fat: cops
florida man named hunt stalks woman outside of walmart and masturbates to her
florida man battles 'sex, crime, cheaters and terrorsim(sic)'
florida man freezes 50 dead cats
florida man catches monster, 550-pound alligator
florida man! the man, the myth, the legend
florida man threatened to kill man in road rage incident, police say
florida man george zimmerman threatened to kill man in road rage incident, police say
george zimmerman threatened to kill florida man in road rage incident, florida police say
florida man arrested for attempting to pick up prostitute.....while at work....as a county bus driver......while driving a bus
florida man, george zimmerman threatened to kill man in road rage incident
florida man hates charlie crist
florida man says george zimmerman threatened to kill him during road rage incident
florida man conquers a million wasps in a six-foot nest.
a florida man wanted on child pornography charges was found living among numerous dead and living cats
florida man (really a student) attempted to take school officers gun
deputies arrest florida man with pot on his face after false 911 call
florida man charged in yasiel puig smuggling case
florida man had 50 dead cats in his freezers.
florida man unveils invention to stop rubbernecking at traffic accidents.
florida man takes cat nap in middle of burglary. photos of napping burglar taken by deputies
florida man pets cats in middle of police chase.
florida man found sleeping next to bag of stolen jewelry
florida man suspected of killing ex-girlfriend, her family speaks out from jail:  everybody's looking at me like i did it 
florida man, caught "napping" during burglary in florida
florida man accused of stealing houston sheriff s vehicle
florida man catches giant, terrifying shrimp-like creature
florida man has 50 dead cats in freezer and 30 live ones.
florida man kept 50 dead cats in freezers, arrested for child porn
florida man efficiently accomplishes all the florida things
florida man tries to steal a bank's atm using a stolen forklift
florida man served with search warrant for child porn, found with 50 dead cats in freezers, 30 live ones taken from fla. home
florida man says he only broke into home so he could have sex in bed
florida man strips naked after failing to break into neighbor's home, sprays himself down with garden hose
florida man suspected of literally having egg on his face
florida man gets mean in niceville tossing his hot sauce at taco bell employee
florida (wo)man let her children do shots and posted pics on facebook
news station background image makes florida man look like florida man in /r/floridaman thumbnail
florida man ties cat to pole to feed alligator.
florida man and florida woman broke into house for sex, not to steal: police
2 year old son of florida man reaches into his dad's pocket &amp; fires his gun
florida man catches lobster-sized shrimp
florida man hits gunman by accident, ending shooting spree
florida man arrested for stalking bristol palin, flies to alaska after sending her "approximately 1,000 facebook messages
florida man allegedly drives drunk inside walmart
florida man employed as police officer caught up in another florida cop's prostitution investigation
florida man victim of "swatting" again
florida man tired of tourists feeding wild dolphins
florida man labeled as 'serial butt grabber' is wrecking havoc on fiu campus
florida man hiding in bushes on uf campus and grabbing passing women with intent to rape....just like every girl's worse nightmare
drug dealer florida woman calls 911 after florida man steals her pot. only florida man gets arrested
florida man arrested for attacking golf partners with putter
florida man thinks he is rihanna
nailed it: florida man sought after pinned cow tongues found in suspicious packages
florida man wants to marry sister of daughter's killer.
florida man stole wedding ring off 93 year-old wwii vet s finger while he slept to pay for wedding, rings
florida girl set home on fire for slender man
florida woman sets home on fire for slender man, police say
serial public masturbating florida man who is getting 'bolder' with each incident sought by police
florida teen girl sets family home on fire due to slender man teenage horror story obsession
saw this florida man on my trip.
florida man.. i don't even know how to title this one.
florida man busted for pullling down his panties in view of visitors to a public pool.
florida man, caught robbing a house by the armed homeowner, offers to mow the homeowners lawn if he let him go before the police arrived
justin bieber wannabe florida man arrested for egging cars
florida man attacks golfing partners with putter after being made fun of for asking his partner to mark his ball.
florida man (shaquille o'neal) applies for a job as a police officer in south florida
florida man: 58, egging neighbors' vehicles over street parking
a mysterious florida man buttocks grabber on the loose at south florida college campus
florida man who owns restaurant defends right not to serve customers ketchup
81-year-old florida man pulls down his ladies underwear, exposes himself, shakes his junk in front of swimming pool users
florida man is going too stab you in the eye.... with his putter.. on 18..
florida man hooks giant shrimp
florida teen obsessed with slender man set fire to own home
florida (wo)man named cherries waffles tennis arrested for using stolen credit card to buy spear gun
after becoming obsessed with slender man, a florida teenager allegedly set her house on fire
florida man hooks massive giant shrimp-like crustacean
florida woman/teen inspired by 'slender man' sets house on fire
florida man breaks putter into spear and attacks his fellow golfers
florida man freely admits to drinking, claims he was not driving, and asks officers to take him to jail. accused of being under the influence of model glue.
florida man punches grandmother, causes her to wreck
florida man kills man cycling across six states to propose to girlfriend
florida man leaves his 3 children in his car for 4 hours... outside a bar.
florida man nurse arrested after fapping onto female patient
florida man plans 'art' exhibit of stolen jennifer lawrence images
florida man being chased by cops stops to play with cats
florida man calls 911 to ask for ride to store
florida man arrested for groping taco bell employee through drive-thru window
florida man pauses during police chase to play with cats
florida man says exposed genitals result of loose pants; has no explanation for crotch shaking, incoherent yelling
florida man arrested for eating protected tortoises
florida man throws toilet at imaginary attackers while barricaded inside meth lab
florida man to enlarge the fappening photos and host an art gallery in saint petersburg.
florida man gets his murder conviction tossed when florida prosecutor calls him a "crackhead" in court.
kill it with fire! 14 year old florida girl tries to kill family by setting the house on fire. slender man to blame?
kill it with fire! 14 year old florida woman (girl) tries to kill family. slender man to blame?
florida man who fantasized over 'baby orgy,' assaulted 1-year-old gets 60 years in prison
florida man stops to pet kittens during police chase, gets caught after
florida man accused in police chase, crash, stops to play with cats
florida man runs code down i-95 in squad car and blocks traffic at intersections so he and his fellow florida men doing the same can get to a bakery for breakfast
florida man gets busy with himself on woman's patio
the adventures of florida man!
florida man accused of calling 911 for ride to store
florida man arrested for drunkenly groping taco bell employee at drive-thru
a florida man is accused of reaching inside a taco bell drive-through window and drunkenly groping an employee
florida man breaks into florida woman's patio, masturbates staring at her
florida man shot by cops, charged with murder when woman is killed
florida man creates brain in dish that can fly simulated aircraft.
florida man kills three family members, tries for fourth before getting run over by car
florida man who tried to shut down a kid s lemonade stand is now under investigation for operating a business out of his home without a license.
florida man arrested after learning the hard way that the taco bell employee's ass in not on the menu
florida man named stoner arrested for dealing marijuana
florida man gropes drive-through employee from his car
florida man shoots friend, self during shooting lesson
florida man arrested for trying to carjack off-duty deputy
homeless florida man stabs bicyclist from ct in front of mcdonalds, hides in burger king.
florida man appears to save dragoncon 2014!
florida man runs from cops on a motorcycle and gets away only to post video on facebook and get caught.
nsfw: graphic video] - florida man caught on security camera torturing / beating small dog to death.
florida woman sets car on fire after man she is with refuses to buy her a mcflurry
florida man probation check leads to significant arrest
mayor florida man ejects man from public meeting because he won't stand during prayer
cops respond to home from which florida man and two friends were screaming that they had been taken hostage, but it turned out they were hallucinating on meth and spent hours throwing shit out the window at non-existent attackers.
drunk florida man currently on bail for a dui is refused service at a bar so he threatens to kidnap and behead customers.
florida man shoots door-to-door salesman for "tresspassing"
florida man running from police stops to play with cats
florida man robbed of his pants
mail delivering florida man calls cops on meth cooks fending off imaginary invaders with real guns and toilet
mail delivering florida man calls cops on meth cooks fending off imaginary invaders with real guns and a toilet
youth pastor florida man arrested on child pornography chrges
built florida man casually stealing liquor.
scumbag florida man steals $14,600 from elderly, disabled couple.
florida man gets robbed after snap chatting his cousin a wad of cash.
florida man caught killing and eating threatened tortoises
florida man arrested for driving lawnmower down a busy road at night while drinking beer. or in other words being awesome.
florida man clashes with 12 year old boy over lemonade stand.
florida man (usc football player) jumps from 3rd story balcony in evasion of cops, breaks ankles, claims it was all to save an imaginary drowning nephew. ;
cops: babysitter, 22, got all stabby when florida man refused to have sex with her
florida man says he killed 15 tortoises and planned on killing more so he could eat them
florida man killed 15 endangered tortoises and planned on killing more to eat them
florida man charged with murder after police shoot woman bystander while trying to arrest him.
florida man shot a guy in a wheelchair multiple times, fled the scene, and got into a high speed chase.
florida man caught killing, and eating, threatened tortoises
florida man on meth throws toilet, bathroom sink at imaginary attackers
crocodile attacks florida man (and woman) during late-night dip
florida man walks on water
florida man caught banging his sister in a church parking lot (slight nsfw headline in link)
florida woman, 22, stabbed a man in the neck earlier this month after he declined her requests to have sex
florida man facing murder and other charges in fatal shooting of a man in a wheelchair who was begging for change
florida man caught abusing and possibly killing the wiener dog he was watching
legally blind florida man suspects break-in, shoots nephew:  i couldn t see anything 
florida man records himself getting attacked by cop for not rolling down window all the way
florida man &amp; friends fire bullets and throw toilet at imaginary attacker; arrested for running a meth lab
florida cop beats florida man for not rolling down window all the way
florida man busted in walmart using his ipod as an upskirt shoecam
florida man declares war on 12-year-old and his lemonade stand
legally blind florida man shoots intruder, that turns out to be his nephew
florida man wants to become maxi pad
florida man accused of hacking woman's email, facebook accounts
florida man files for restraining order against obama, jesus christ, and tim tebow
florida man injured in crocodile "attack"
naked, sword wielding florida man arrested
florida man asks police to shut down kid's "illegal" lemonade stand
florida man surrenders to robot
florida man, congressman:  white people  to blame for collapse of amnesty in congress
florida man who claims to suffer from  sexsomnia  convicted of molesting 7-year-old girl
florida man arrested for sexually abusing dog
florida man accused of leaving kids in car while he went to drink
florida man has been extra busy.
florida man (reading coach) gives young students a reading survey which asks if they like to read about teen pregnancy, rape, gangs, etc...
florida man hired to remove body charged with stealing jewelry
florida man calls 911 on himself after allegedly raping woman he lured off craigslist - ny daily news
florida man suspected of beating and gang raping woman ruled not competent enough to stand trial.
florida man takes a look at 5 iconic florida restaurants
politifact gave "half-true" ratings to a pair of ads attacking florida man, gov. rick scott's ties to energy companies and polluters.
florida man deliberately scuttles 'pay it forward' starbucks line.
florida man puts an end to the 10-hour long "pay it forward" chain at starbucks
florida man rescued from vending machine
florida man sexually assaults mentally challenged girl
florida man sexually assaults mentally handicapped girl behind a dumpster
witnesses beat florida man who left 3 kids in vehicle while drinking at bar
starbucks 'pay it forward' streak 'scuttled' by florida man
florida woman dead, 1 man critical, 1 officer wounded in shootings at downtown orlando bar
florida man beats up an autistic boy
florida man caught creeping on women in walmart with camera stuffed in his shoe
7-year-old florida man-to-be turns in his mom for cooking meth
florida man does pretty much everything. collection of best florida man/woman headlines
florida man accused of attacking girlfriend with a banana
florida man leaves 3 young children in car for hours while he goes for a drink, gets in a fight, then passes out in parking lot
florida man, 83, admits hiding $1.1m from irs
florida man leaves kids in car, goes to a bar, gets drunk, gets beat up by other patrons for leaving kids in the car
florida man pleads guilty to collecting welfare while living on a yacht
florida man protests circuses in front of an art museum
13 yr. old florida man(boy) tried as an adult for murdering a homeless man
florida man pretends to be police officer for parking privileges.
florida man found at bottom of backyard pool
florida cat keeps florida man and florida woman hostage
florida man wasn't laundering "money" per se
overexposed florida man masturbates in woman's front yard, is awaiting trial the same charges for an earlier incident
overexposed florida man masturbates in woman's front yard while he is awaiting for trial for the same charges stemming from a different incident
florida man made fake cop car with siren, flashing lights
florida man arrested in t-shirt depicting his mugshot from a previous arrest.
florida man accused of using weed whacker to discipline 6 year old boy.
florida man tapes phone to shoe, records video under women's skirts at walmart
florida man is a high school psychologist; also pedophile
florida man tried to fight fire hydrant before arrest
eye-witness accounts of florida man
florida man walks out of wal-mart with two computer monitors.
florida man arrested for prowling tried to fight a fire hydrant
florida man falls asleep at busy intersection, wakes up, leads cops on chase
nude florida man climbed into car that wasn't his
florida man sues police after botched suicide by cop
florida man arrested for poaching 299 sea turtle eggs
in gov. florida man ad, he s endorsed by shop owner convicted of human smuggling
florida man police officer accidentally shoots, kills woman in downtown orlando bar
florida man officer accidentally shoots, kills woman in downtown orlando bar
florida man picks fight with fire hydrant when asked about prowling
florida man arrested for stealing nearly 300 sea turtle eggs
florida man assaults naked brother who used his favorite cup
florida man attacks home depot employee's buttocks with faucet
behind bars, a brutal and unexplained death of florida man - two miami officers caught on tape locking 50 year old mental health patient in a shower and burning him to death with hot water
florida man kicks police in face after walmart theft
florida man and public masturbator tells cops he's house hunting.
florida "man",12-year-old accused of second school bus theft in past month.
florida man, twelve years old, does time for second school bus theft.
florida man accused of making meth on beach
florida man punched rabbit during fight about women's rights.
florida man crashes car into retirement home while drunk, in drag.
florida man drives naked, masturbates in attempt to 'entice' trucker
florida man attacked brother with marijuana plants.
florida man who allegedly tried to steal tvs told police his name was 'ima thief'
florida man has sex with neighbor; draws sword when confronted about it.
naked, sword-wielding florida man arrested
young florida man, 7, turns in mom for cooking meth
naked florida man with sword stopped by good samaritans at florida apartment complex
naked florida man fails to break into woman s house; sits on porch and masturbates into seat cushion instead
florida man caught having sex in parking lot with woman who cheered in background of daughter's backyard brawl video
florida man denies robbing papa john's; says he's running barefoot, shirtless down street because he's "florida boy"
florida man plays with what is presumably his raccoon sidekick while driving
florida man slammed 74 year old woman to ground, snatched purse
crack addict, drunk florida man walks into florida mall shirtless and flashes junk to 9 year old boy
florida man asked girlfriend to help bury man he thought was dead
florida man falls asleep in car at intersection. when police show up, he runs.
naked, sword-wielding florida man threatens apartment residents
florida man, naked &amp; brandishing a sword, threatens apartment residents
florida man charged with beating up 16-year-old with autism
florida man was arrested after a 5-year-old girl spotted him running naked in the street and masturbating next to his parked pickup truck
florida man accused of masturbating, running naked in street tells cops he was only house hunting
florida man busted stealing tvs tells cops his name is  ima thief 
florida man, caught masturbating in public in view of 5-year-old, explains to cops that he was house-hunting
florida man jeb bush "strongly urges" floridians to vote against medical marijuana
naked, sword-wielding florida man charges at neighbors
florida man asleep at intersection, flees police - wtop mobile
florida man calls 911 on himself after allegedly raping woman he lured off craigslist
disabled boy lured by girl and beaten inside house by florida man
florida man crashes truck into helicopters in punta gorda
florida man and the bacon bandits in the buff
florida man kills his room-mate and asks siri where to hide the body
florida man with nazi tattoo pleads guilty to threatening obama
florida man murder suspect asked siri where to hide a dead body
florida man denies masturbating naked while running back and forth across road, says he was looking for house to buy
florida man appears in court for trespassing, says he let police catch him so he could study in jail
florida man beats girlfriend for cheating on him in his dream
florida man kills roommate, asks siri where to hide the body
florida man freaks out in diaper isle in walmart - opened 28 packages of diapers, causing $342 in product damage. "post miranda the defendant admitted being in (the) store shopping for diapers for a dog in heat," an officer wrote in a report.
florida man acquitted in fbi sting, we did it guys!!!
florida man acquitted!!!!
florida man who fled brooksville crash arrested after chase
tampa police sued by florida man in "suicide by proxy" shooting
florida man accused of killing his roommate asked siri where to hide the body
florida man kills his grandmother then takes her for a 5 hour drive.
florida man + dui + lady undies + retirement home = this
florida man crashes into retirement home wearing womens panties.
killed him a bar ~~bear~~ when he was only three": florida (future) man fends oattack from 9 foot alligator
florida man admits producing, selling ricin
florida man, professional hockey player, is surprised when cops found a bag of cocaine in the jeans he's been wearing for 3 days.
florida man brutally beats girlfriend because she cheated on him in a dream
killed him a bar when he was only three": florida (future) man fends off attack from 9 foot alligator
florida man asks siri where to hide a dead body
florida man asks siri how to hide his roommate's body.
florida man asks siri where to bury his roommate, whom he just strangled.
sunshine state cougar and her pet florida man busted in beef 'o' brady's parking lot in the process of attempting to make florida baby
florida man who is a publix employee ties old man's shoes, photo goes viral
the hunt is on for a florida man named 'innocent destino jr.'!
florida man in women's underwear crashes into retirement home
florida man crashes into retirement home while drag racing in drag
florida man arrested after stealing marijuana and leaving the plants sticking outside of the car
florida man sails 680 miles in homemade boat
florida man arrested for beating girlfriend all day because he dreamed she was cheating on him.
florida man loves jesus while having an mental illness and a driver's license.
florida man spotted in the wild.
florida man known as  fat boy  hides marijuana in belly fat
florida man duo struck by cars while lying on unlit florida roadway
florida man boosts local auto sales &amp; repair industries
9-year-old florida man (er, boy) fights off alligator
old florida man on motorcycle seriously injuries himself trying to go around railroad crossing arms
knockout game  attacker asked florida man if he had a gun before punching
no title needed for this florida man
florida man visits seattle
florida man dressed in dark clothes were laying on an unlit road last night
florida man beat girlfriend after dreaming she cheated on him
florida man punched a man in the face after he made certain that the victim was not carrying a gun.
florida man who fought alligator demands animal's tooth on a necklace
florida man pulled over with marijuana plant sticking out of window.
florida man (12 year old boy) accused of stealing truck. he is also accused of stealing two school buses earlier this summer.
florida man (38 year old) accused of raping 14 year old during sleepover.
florida man and partner face charges of manufacturing marijuana after a police officer spotted a marijuana plant sticking out of their car window.
florida man rape suspect beaten by child's dad to get hiv test
12 year old future florida man who previously stole 2 school busses caught fleeing the state in a stolen truck
florida man distracts woman with moonlit make out session while his friend steals her purse
florida man steals socks from young cheerleader; not his first sock-related arrest
bored" florida man reported fake crimes to 911, also gave false tips to crime stoppers
florida man spotted in jupiter, fl
florida man buys 23 burger king apple pies to spite a small child
florida man plays with hairspray and a lighter
florida man arrested while driving without his headlights on and having a pot plant hanging out the window
florida man mayoral candidate, who can't be found in school records, claims to have graduated with degree that school has never offered
florida man goes to the beach. nsfw.
florida man mayoral candidate, who can't be found in any fsu records, claims to have graduated with degree they have never offered
florida man chases thief who stole date's bag, never comes back; later found hanging out with thief at hotel
florida man assaults mail man because he didn't get any letters.
florida man charged with raping 14 year old girl during sleepover.
florida man sleeps through swat raid
71-year-old florida man chokes out lawn guy over lack of weeding
florida man at the beach. what is wrong with you floridians?
florida man emerges from walmart dressing room with pants around his ankles
florida man resigns prior to getting fired
florida man runs from store with two smoked sausages stuffed down his pants
florida man goes rambo
florida man woman accused of smoking crack while breastfeeding baby.
florida man that supplied steroids to yankee alex rodriguez, arrested
florida man shoots up kitten before choking and beating it police
florida man shoots up kitten before choking and beating it
florida man cant fit his pot plants all the way in the car - so he leaves then hanging out the window.....big surprise that he gets pulled over and busted
florida man - grandmother allegedly stabs 7 year old grandson to death
michigan man wearing a florida man's shirt pulls a florida man.
florida man gets life for throwing baby from car.
florida man beats pregnant girlfriend and denies it, telling cops the marks she has are still there from the last time they arrested him for beating her.
florida man charged with animal torture in slaughterhouse sting
florida man run over by own truck during road rage incident
florida man shoots other man, flees scene, gets no charges brought to him
florida man gym teacher splashes water on wife because she called him names, arrested for slamming her hand in the door
florida man gets flesh eating disease after eating 12 raw oysters
florida man gets pulled over for running a stop sign, calls 911 to complain about officer's slow ticket writing
florida man stole at least $129k from employer to pay for baseball
florida man and sidekick arrested when cop finds pot plant sticking out of car window during traffic stop
florida man throws cocaine out of car window with police car behind him with lights and siren on.
florida man throws cocaine out of car window with police car behind him with lights and siren on.
florida man beheads venus
foot fetish florida man tries to steal socks
13-year old florida man killed in game of russian roulette
south florida man arrested for making moonshine
florida man,a cop, is fired for taunting hungry inmate with french fries, then threatening to tase him.
florida man calls 911 to complain about traffic ticket
florida man steals from the autistic
florida man blames cocaine for his multi state armed robbery spree
florida man arrested for life for throwing a baby out of a moving car
argument over grandmother's diet ends with florida man threatening mother with machete
florida man leaves cell phone at break-in, later calls to ask for it back
florida man throws chair at mailman because he didn't have any mail for him
florida man nearly loses leg after catching flesh-eating bacteria from eating raw oysters
florida man nearly loses leg after catching flesh-eating bacteria from eating raw oysters
13-year-old florida man arrested in cape coral stabbing death
florida man catches gator cannibalism
florida man gets angry with deadbeat tenants
florida man in jail for sexual battery requests to be castrated as punishment
florida man poaches alligator and chickens
florida man goes postal on mailman for bringing him no mail
12 y/o florida man charged with murder.
florida man struck by lighting at gas station
florida man passes physical fitness test
13 year old florida man arrested for stabbing homeless man to death
florida man gets caught masturbating in theater restroom
inadvertent photo bomb by florida man leads to being attacked by a wedding party on the beach
florida man refuses to get off bucket
florida man helps himself to cookies from church; promptly arrested. also, florida man is homeless, value of cookies is less than $3, and church is pressing charges.
florida man tosses baby out the window of a moving car
florida man arrested after calling police, requesting return of cell phone left behind at scene of burglary
florida man: 12-year-old shot, killed homeless man
florida man falls off the bench
florida man scams apple retail stores out of $309,768
homless florida man in jail after local church presses charges for stealing cookies worth $2.25
two florida girls arrested after posting video of terrible tortoise torture. (florida man)
snake-bitten florida man recovers, but could land in jail
florida man shoots neighbor three times over loud music: cops
florida man not to be charged after fatal shooting.
florida man announces himself the new prophet of god.
florida man abandons his train in the middle of town after his crew "runs out of hours".
florida man who robbed the same bank twice in the past 2 months, tries to rob it again a third time....gets arrested this time
florida grandma sentenced to 6 months in jail for public indecency after being caught having sex with florida man (not florida husband) against the wall of a bait shack
florida man robs convenience store over .75 cents.
florida man/woman wields machete at mom.
florida [wo]man attacks reports
florida man drunk behind the wheel of a motorized shopping cart
florida man guilty of throwing baby from car window.
florida man forces florida legislature to fix gerrymandered districts
florida man steals sunshine (a tribute to florida man by loosemeatz)
florida man petitions judge to castrate him
florida man held at gunpoint by police while squirrel hunting.
florida man eats and burns his passport before leaving for syria to commit jihad as a suicide bomber.
florida man finds 9 foot gator at front door at 5am
fired florida man cop tests positive for cocaine, blames it on erection enhancing cream, gets job back
florida man, a gymnastics coach is arrested after 'having sex with a 13-year-old girl' and then hiding in her closet
florida man cop: i didn't know there was cocaine in my "sex-aid cream," i swear!
florida man leaves phone at the scene of the crime: calls and asks for it back.
12-year-old florida man (boy) accused of shooting and killing homeless man
florida man guilty of throwing baby from car window
florida man hits postal carrier with no mail
florida child kills homeless man in "horrific event"
florida man with car logo tattooed on his face arrested for identity theft
florida man allegedly chucks furniture at mail truck, attacks mailman
florida (little) man burns himself while performing the "fire challenge."
florida man pays crack house rent with stolen beer
florida man gets a head start: plays game with fire and gets burned
florida man wearing sagging pants will get six months in jail now
16-year-old florida man (er, boy?) goes for the high score, commits 6 burglaries in just 90 minutes starting at 5:30 in the morning.
florida man stabbed while having sex with another man in tallahassee cemetery
florida man volunteers as night security guard at gun store. also, florida man's name is george zimmerman.
florida man find son being molested, beats florida molester unconscious.
florida man finds phone full of child porn after buying used car
florida boy tries to become florida man with tampa woman who couldn't pay $200 cab fare to meet 13-year-old boy for a "massage".
florida man gets run over in strip club parking lot
florida man suspected of burning transgendered woman to death
florida man gets his own tv show
florida man drives on wrong side of road
florida man attacked by a gator, whilst diving for golf balls.
florida man toes cars illegally. gets 9 counts of grand theft auto.
florida man calls 911 to report fake murder-in-progress hoping to get out of speeding ticket
florida man sets neighbor's house on fire because it was ugly
florida man and his trusty sidekicks steal food in their underwear
florida man arrested on homicide charge in connection to monday's stabbing (mugshot photo is relevant)
naked florida man masturbates outside apartment complex
florida woman hits gas instead of brake; nearly hits florida man | video
florida man gets attacked by 300+ pound fish
florida man hooks up with another guy in cemetery car park, has sex with him, then stabs him 5 times.
pregnant florida woman killed while admiring gun collection. florida man might face negligence charges for accidentally discharging a .22 caliber revolver in her head.
pregnant florida woman killed while admiring a friend's gun collection. florida man might face negligence charges for accidentally discharging a .22 caliber revolver in her head.
florida man crashes airplane into georgia man while georgia man walks the beach.
florida man makes phony 911 call to get out of speeding ticket
florida man denies homophobia after towing 100 cars at disney's gay days
florida man points gun at cat, manhunt ensues.
florida man scams apple out of more than $300k
florida man says "flat tire? no problem!"
florida man allegedly punches jupiter woman after being denied toothpaste
florida man dressed up as santa claus to rob bank
florida man, dressed as santa, robs bank with bomb
florida man becomes first known american to join syrian rebels as a suicide bomber [video]
florida call of duty fanatic man calls on israel and palestine to settle their differences in a quickscoping match. [x-post /r/callofduty]
florida man arrested after ignoring dog s crying for over a week
florida man illegally tows dozens of cars because owners are gay
florida man known as "gutta", with distinctive face tattoos returns to jail after drug arrest
florida man making love in all the wrong places; gets arrested for having sex on the beach in middle of the day.
florida man walking beach struck and killed by plane
florida man phones 911, about a fake murder, to get out of a ticket.
florida man killed by plane landing on a beach
florida man arsonist sets himself on fire while starting one
florida man arrested for calling 911 twice because he couldn't lock his door
florida man crash lands his plane on the beach, takes out a tourist
florida man lands plane on beach; kills georgia man.
florida man and two other naked men steal burgers leave trail of red peppers
florida man drops wallet and keys at the scene of the crime
florida man stabbed during gay hookup in cemetery
florida man accused of predatory towing at gay fest. faces 29 counts of grand theft auto.
florida man accused of scamming apple out of $309,768
florida man is the first american suicide bomber in syria
florida man punches woman after being denied toothpaste
florida man tries to shakedown a pawn shop owner
florida man allegedly carries out suicide bomb attack in syria. [x-post worldnews]
florida man bit by gator for second time in five years while fishing golf balls from lake
florida man gets jacked by a black bear, left without beer or booze, bear however gets drunk
florida man drives drunk, slams into a stopped daytona beach patrol car, fails sobriety tests, and had a drink in car. [video under related video]
florida man holds gun to cat's head and posts picture to facebook
florida man stabbed while having sex in a tallahassee cemetery
florida man emt overdoses on heroin after delivering pregnant woman
florida man distracts cops with fake 911 murder call to get out of speeding ticket:  it almost worked !
florida man accused of groping swimmers at florida resort says it was 'misunderstanding'
florida man overdoses on heroin while on-duty as an emt
florida man calls 911 to report 'murder' to avoid speeding ticket
florida man lawmaker mistakes u.s. staff for indians
florida man hides marijuana in his pubic hair
florida man points gun at cat
florida man caught with sushi sampler stuffed down his pants
florida man holds gun to cat on facebook
florida man gets elected to congress, promptly mistakes indian-american government officials for indian diplomats during hearing
florida man tows nearly 100 cars on gay day
florida man and member of congress mistakes u.s. officials for indian nationals, awkwardness ensues
florida man called 911 to report fake murder attempt to get out of traffic stop, receives third degree felony
florida man in road rage incident run over by his own truck
disturbing photo of florida man pointing gun at cat posted on facebook
florida man-- i mean florida cat dials 911, cops respond to find him sleeping on phone.
florida man gets ran over by his own truck
road-raging florida man run over by his own truck after drunken crash
florida man left his wife on a sandbar because she caught him blowing a dude
florida man in undies steals cookout fixins from restaurant
suspect, florida man grabs genitals, tells cop: 'you have a right to this'
florida man feels the burn after man-sized chili gets stolen.
florida man called 911 to report 'murder' to get out of speeding ticket
drunk florida man run over by own pickup truck
florida man and woman arrested for having sex on a public beach in front of several horrified witnesses - including a 4-year-old girl
florida man mistaken for mannequin, found hanging in garage and thrown in dump
florida man claims he caught 'testicle-eating' fish
florida man tries to get out of traffic ticket by calling 911, pretending murder is about to happen
naked florida man breaks into restaurant, steals 60 hamburgers, 3 lbs of bacon, 3 red peppers and a paddleboard
florida man attacked by alligator while diving for golf balls at country club
florida man travels to new jersey for sex with 'girl', 12
florida man kills ex's 11 yr old daughter; tries to make it look like suicide
disturbing photo of florida man pointing gun at cat
florida man paramedic fired for overdosing on heroin while at work
florida man run over by his own pickuptruck during an intoxicated road rage incident
florida man steals and drains credit card then distributes proceeds while behind bars for the same offense
florida man, videoed altering subpoenaed records returns to practicing pediatric dentistry, overseen by his wife
florida man bitten by alligator, again
caught on camera: 80-year-old florida man victimized by transvestite...
florida man phones police on a fake murder call to get out of a ticket.
florida man becomes hamburglar
florida man sees purple lights
florida man caught screwing on beach in view of kids, grandma with camera
nude florida man attacks elderly neighbor
florida man dead after officer-involved shooting in swat raid over marijuana
florida man arrested after stealing dog from 7-year-old boy
naked florida man bandits rob florida restaurant, flee with case of burgers :caught on cam
naked florida man bandits rob florida restaurant, flee with case of burgers: caught on cam
florida man gets busted for selling fake pee
florida man gets run over by his own truck
naked florida man steals 60 hamburgers
florida man who beat alleged molester calls son a  hero 
florida man run over by his own pickup.
florida man run over by his own truck during road rage incident.
florida man run over by own truck during road rage
florida man runs himself over with his own car.
florida man recorded having sex on the beach
florida man: announces the eat a booty gang (trick daddy)
florida man leaps onto gazebo after police fail to coax him down from pirate ship treehouse, 3-hour standoff ensues
florida man calls 911 twice because he can't lock his door
deputies arrive at scene of crash, ask florida man what happened, told "drunk driving is what happened"
florida man and woman caught on camera having sex on crowded beach
florida man goes home for the day
83 year old florida man retaliates with gunfire when cut off
florida man creates a surprisingly good song.
florida man claims he's too fat for house arrest
florida man shoots at other driver because he cut him up.
florida man, live in ex boyfriend, slashes neck of replacement
florida man deemed too fat for jail says he's too fat for house arrest, too
florida man pleads not guilty to shooting fleeing son on riding lawnmower
florida man who is miramar police officer arrested for liquor theft.
florida man caught in affair at nude beach a suspect in wife's death
blb florida man gets check stolen, is forced to smoke crack, gets touched by a penis and is punched in the crotch
florida man, a pilot for jetblue airlines arrested in heroin bust in boston
florida man loves dota 2
florida man molests 4 teen girls while swimming at disney world's typhoon lagoon water park
florida man accused of stabbing refuses to be represented by public defender, calls him a "negro"
florida man molests girls while swimming in disney water attraction.
florida man joins the klan: police in florida town have kkk ties
83 year old florida man is cut off in traffic, goes on gun rampage
82 year old florida man goes on a gun rampage until stopped by a drawbridge.
florida man in lewd beach romp bust
florida man, owner of barbershop, promoting literacy by giving books to young customers
florida man hired as electrician kills 3 after stealing pills and keys
florida man tries to pay for sex with food stamps, trip to walmart
florida man tries to fill his house with gas
florida man tries to pay for sex with food stamps
florida man leaves evidence on the front seat of his patrol car
heart attacks in public places: a florida man personal story
florida man climbs mt. kilimanjaro in honor of mother
florida man runs 5-minute miles routinely running &gt;100 miles a week all in flip-flops. eats from a bag of sugar by his bed for energy.
florida man first to catch chikungunya virus in united states
florida man with down's syndrome wants to fight florida man with cerebral palsy
florida man better not be caught wearing saggy pants in ocala
florida man calls 911 after seeing shotgun in theater, turns out to be an umbrella.
florida man combines careers in law enforcement and ku klux klan
83-year-old florida man goes on gun rampage until stopped by a drawbridge after getting cut off in traffic.
florida man who is a homicide cop arrested for allegedly having sex with teen runaway he took into his home.
florida man to county officials: 'my constitution gives me the right to shoot every one of you'
florida man, on probation, tries to run over bike cop: gets shot
florida man tries to rundown bicycle cop...bad idea...
florida man dhs agents raid the wrong house
florida man mistakes dead body for mannequin, brings it to dump.
florida man who committed suicide mistaken for mannequin hanging in garage, taken to landfill - cbs tampa
florida man surprised to learn mannequin he brought to dump is actually real dead body
florida man says he walked in on raymond frolander sexually abusing his young son. the mug shot pretty much tells the story of what happened next.
florida man sees man raping his son, beats him senseless
florida man arrested for beating the crap out of another florida man after finding him sexually abusing his son.
florida man (father) knocks out man who was abusing his son
florida men take 'mannequin' to dump, was really a mummified man
florida man finds family member sexually battering his son.. beats the living crap out of him
florida man is father of the year for beating the child molester and saving the cops the trouble. florida man not charged or identified in article.
florida man throws birthday party for 66 year old florida manatee :d
florida man accused of robbery, armed with scissors and a leashed cat...
florida man who left his wife on a sandbar earlier this week after she accused him of a sex act with another man is now being investigated by the manatee county sheriff s office after her death from head injuries
florida man beats man he found raping his son
florida man rapes 12 year boy. boy's father walks in on rape and demolishing rapist.
florida man compiliation
florida man rapes 11 year old boy. boy's father walks in and severely beats rapist. father not charged.
police: florida man still drunk 4 hours after crash
florida man declines to curse, but threatens to shoot miami-dade politicians
florida man hangs himself, gets mistaken several weeks later for mannequin.
florida man denied fellatio; pushes wife off jet ski four times
florida man helps pregnant sting ray give birth to twins
florida woman charged with punching, pushing man
florida man "acts like a dad" by beating man found raping son says daytona beach police chief; no charges pressed.
florida man arrested for taking upskirt photos of a woman in wal-mart, tells police it's all a misunderstanding
florida man is suspect in road rage shooting in miami
florida man is facing multiple felony counts after authorities say he threatened to shoot miami-dade county commissioners
repetitive florida man arrested twice in 48 hours for committing the same crime twice...judge calls him "unique"
police search for naked florida man burglar who traumatized teen in longwood
inebriated, partially nude florida man annoys roommates
florida (wo)man leaves kids in filth to gamble
florida man urinates on local bar
florida man urinates on local bar after being asked to leave
florida man threatens to shoot county officials if they sell his house (video)
florida woman, 56, chases younger man with knife after he refuses to have sex
florida man pastor asks shelter women to reenact rape fantasies
florida man breaks into a house, whilst nude, and watches teenager sleep.
argument over alleged homosexual activity ends with florida man throwing naked wife off jet ski
florida man goes on breast pump robbing spree
florida man is first case of chikungunya virus acquired in the u.s.
florida man can marry fellow florida fellow, but only in the county of the conch republic.
florida man hangs self; his body is mistaken for a mannequin and thrown away.
florida man hangs self; body mistaken for mannequin and thrown away
florida man accused of attempted murder refuses help from  negro  public defender
florida man mistakes body for mannequin and throws it in a dumpster - for the second time this year
florida man charged with attempted murder refuses help from  negro  public defender
drunk florida man stops street racers... by crashing his truck into the back of one of their cars.
florida man can soon marry other florida men.
12 year old florida man gets out of juvenile detention for stealing a school bus, proceeds to steal another one
12 year old florida man gets out of juvenile detention for stealing a school bus, proceeds to steal another one
florida man attacks wife on jet ski after she says she saw him 'in sex act  with other man
florida man impregnates 75 year old patient who has dementia
florida man, contracted with comcast, allegedly exposes himself to customer.
florida man pulls over supervisor: gets suspended
florida man burns down house trying to kill spider
florida man holds gamestop clerk at gunpoint, steals playstation vita, orlando cops say | news
florida man, city commissioner, charged with battery after strip club incident
real florida man uses fake money for store purchases.
florida man posts sign at his farm warning that animals are loud, smelly, and have sex outdoors. this could be applied to many florida residents.
florida man debates mdc commissioners without profanity.
florida scientists press florida man and governor rick scott on climate change. "you responded that you are 'not a scientist.' we are scientists and we would like the opportunity to explain what is at stake for our state."
florida man leaves his naked wife on sandbar after violent spat while jet-skiing because 'she caught him in a sex act with another man'
florida man accused of punching a blind woman
florida man holds up mugger
florida man to be arrested for low hanging pants
florida man with bently face-tattoo arrested for fraud.
confused florida man thinks voodoo chicken head is a bomb
city park named after dead florida man to be renamed, after allegations he was a serial child rapist have surfaced
florida man with schizophrenia beats 3 people to death with a bat
racist florida man charged after telling black kids their skin is "dirty"
florida man (teen) sentenced to 23 years for killing police dog.
dispute over playstation 2 leads to florida man shooting
florida man gets 23 years for killing k9
kkk membership sinks 2 florida cops : florida man
florida man drowns after beating girlfriend and her mother to death.
florida man, over 30 disney world employees caught in sex stings, arrested for child porn since 2006: report
florida man confronts florida women stealing his beach stuff, gets attacked
schizophrenic' florida man kills 2 with baseball bat and takes own life hours after being turned away from help facility
florida man burns down house while trying to kill spider with lighter and spray paint
drunk florida man tasered by police at legoland for disorderly conduct and resisting arrest. informs detectives his name is 'pterodactyl'
florida man lip syncs trucking songs for his wife
when sheriff's deputies asked florida man his name, he squawked "pterodactyl."
florida man streaks across field in world cup final
florida man sleeps while the child he is watching runs naked in the streets
florida man beats personal trainer with weight in the middle of class
florida man accused of bad parenting, leaves 7 year old son in hot car
florida man fired from police force after taking self portrait in kkk robes
florida man uses marijuana as alternative fuel
florida man tries to flee officers on a moped, gets tased and thrown in jail
florida man found dead under his riding lawn mower
florida man arrested for masturbating in walmart parking lot, bought condoms and viagra
florida man with bentley logo tattooed on forehead raked in $120g through identity theft
jury selection begins in 2nd murder trial of florida man accused of tossing 3-month old infant out car window onto interstate
florida man stabs brother to death with a pair of scissors after fight over trash can
florida man towel snaps dad over balloon stuck in tree, dad counters with a pole saw
florida man tsa agent doesn't know where or what washington, dc, is.
florida man, a  sovereign citizen  charged in florida copper wire theft claims  legalese  doesn t apply to him.
florida man wants $1,250 dollars to build a physically impossible underwater breathing device [x-post /r/shittykickstarters]
florida man and florida woman make little wheelchair for paralyzed dog
florida man drives himself home from hospital in stolen ambulance
florida man and woman have teenage girl expelled and arrested for having a homosexual relationship with their daughter.
florida man accused of leaving boy, 7, in hot car
florida man accused of leaving 7 year old boy in hot car
florida man tries to take selfie while running with the bulls
florida man threatens to feed children to his dog
florida man swaps caskets during funeral
florida man resigns after ties with kkk exposed
florida man radio show found!
florida man is going to become sanitary napkin, donate himself and be "thrown out".
florida man threatens to shoot the paperboy
florida man throws watermelon at pregnant girlfriend
florida man takes lsd and shoots pizza delivery guy
florida man hits officer with case of beer after refusing to stop sleeping in stranger's yard
florida man charged after bear attacks neighbor
florida man shoots and kills wife, posts photo on facebook
florida man and wife attacked by cat named kush
florida man who shot and killed man in movie theater dispute in january now granted $150,000 bond
florida man turns quickly on lebron for defecting to cleveland. defaces mural that took 2 years to create
florida man crashes plane into roof of collision center
florida man with early signs of dementia buys unneeded new car
accused florida man movie theater shooter, curtis reeves, released on bail
florida man in trouble for feeding bears.
florida man squawks, claims he s a pterodactyl as police chase him through legoland
florida man, bitten by shark, refuses to stop surfing
florida man makes online date, gets a beating
florida man robs jewelry store: locks keys in car
florida man lets ex wife's dogs rot
florida judge declares two florida man congressmen's districts "unconstitutional"
florida man "borrows" motor scooter and crashes it.
florida man calls himself "bear whisperer." florida woman calls him "whack-a-doo."
florida man with bentley tattooed uni-brow accused of stealing drivers licensences
florida man attacks woman with dinner plate
lauderhill, florida man, with bentley logo between his eyes, charged in id theft case involving stolen driver license info
florida man accused of mooning homeowner, licking door
7-year-old florida man takes grandma's car out for joy ride
adventurous florida man gets stoned, breaks into school, steals fruit loops
florida man cop and florida woman cop shot during domestic dispute
florida man killed in swat raid over small-time marijuana sales
florida man says he was stealing pickup to go look for stolen 4-wheeler
governor florida man breaks the law by using on duty cops as props at campaign event
florida man sexual predator, released from prison in june 2013, molested girl at walmart
florida man arrested after throwing woman over balcony
florida man changes construction sign to read "f*** her right in the p****"
florida man chokes 12 year old: chases him around a restaurant
florida man blockades self in florida capitol building, demands weed, 666 donuts, $100 of chinese food and a phone call with ice cube (x-post from r/til)
florida man facing charges for hand feeding black bears in residential neighborhood
joe rogan's thoughts on florida, man.
florida cat traps florida man in a room
florida women try to steal beach gear from florida man, and claims it belongs to them
florida man and florida woman held captive by their crazed pet cat
florida man knocked unconscious and shot at anti-violence concert
florida man explains why florida leads the world in weird
florida man named cocaine has drug charges dropped
florida man tied the leashes of his chocolate lab and tan collie to his car and drove for several miles
florida man arrested in georgia on drug charges crawls through the partition in patrol car; steals cruiser while handcuffed
florida man who left infant in car at strip club arrested for biting child's face
newlywed florida man, 79, tries to kill bride, police say
newlywed florida man, 79, tries to kill 73-year-old bride
florida man and florida woman get ripped up by their cat: call 911
florida man finds girlfriend's lover in bed, beats man to death
florida man lets semi-truck full of chocolate get stolen.
video: florida man flies drone into fireworks show
florida man films women stealing his stuff on beach
florida man added to list for $2.8 million medicare scam may be hiding in cuba
handcuffed florida man accused of stealing houston deputy's cruiser
men dressed as ninjas rob florida man and companion
florida man steals cell phone from woman and posts a photo on himself on her facebook.
florida man hilariously confronts two women stealing his stuff
florida man saves 375 lb black bear from downing
florida man saves 375 lb black bear from drowning
florida man loses it over cheese
florida man gets naked and attacks police officers: reports say he was clean and sober
florida man claims that wife in viral video wasn't stealing canopy at beach but just trying to retrieve their friends' stuff
florida man, released from parole less than a month ago for a double murder kills again
florida man tries to kill everyone in the car he's riding in
sex crazed florida woman chases man with a knife for refusing sex with her.
florida man, out on probation, violates it five hours later, lands in front of the same judge
florida man caught stealing alcohol with dog; says he'd just broken dog out of "jail"
florida man man wins 'innovative farmer award.'
florida man charged in medicare scam has been added to federal health officials  list of most wanted fugitives
future florida man allegedly beaten by israeli police during protest in east jerusalem
florida man torches florida man
florida man on house arrest for attempted murder, goes clubbing, shoots and kills friend.
florida man gets dumped, sets ex-girlfriend's home on fire
how do you kill an 18 foot wild burmese python? florida man style.
florida man with toy pistol takes over apartment complex
florida man who previously had his 636 cats confiscated by the humane society, defies court order and... well, you can probably guess the rest
florida man who previously had his 636 cats confiscated by the humane society, defies court order and... well, you can probably guess the rest
a south florida man faces federal charges for allegedly helping to illegally ship florida spiny lobster to china
florida man honored as carnegie hero - for the second time
florida man traps bigass python in grill
florida man traps 12-foot python in barbecue grill
florida man rescues 6 year old from pedophile drug dealers after mother sells her for cocaine.
keys sheriff/florida man says open-container ban would be an enforcement headache
florida man "hacks" construction sign and types out obscene message.
statue of a young florida man immortalizing our state's past time of public exposure (fort myers beach)
florida man pleads guilty to illegal trafficking of black rhinoceros horns
florida man needs help wrastling gator who ate his dog
florida man and mom help you get your ultimate freak on
florida man pleads guilty to rhino horn trafficking
florida man rescued after attempting to wrestle alligator; claimed alligator ate dog and he was looking for revenge
spurned florida woman pulled knife on man
florida man found sleeping at scene of burglary he just committed
florida man breaks into impound lot to steal back towed car
florida man tries to sell woman her own jewelry
florida woman, 56, allegedly chased younger man with knife and cane after he refused sex
florida man makes crazy new show about florida man antics
florida man and woman found sleeping in car after burglary attempt
florida man puts up sign advertising marijuana plants for sale as a ploy to sell tomato plants
florida man drives full speed on highway with gas station hose attached to his car
florida man punches girlfriend's bunny after fight over women's rights
florida man paints black candidate's sign white in attempt to become politically active
florida man employed at best buy finds child porn on customer's computer, leads to arrest
bicycle riding florida man breaks into houseboat, steals booze, falls asleep outside
florida man refuses to take shower
florida man wrestles alligator, gets rescued
florida woman chases man with knife after refusing her sexual advances.
florida man kills his grandmother then takes her body for a 5 hour drive around a nudist community.
florida man jailed after beating up pet rabbit
florida man storms into stranger's house; exposes buttocks, licks door
police reports offer more details in naked florida man shooting
35 year old florida man beats up a 16 year old after his son loses a fight (from 2011)
florida man mistakes nevada punk band for pride-bombing terrorists
florida man drives off with deputy hanging on truck
florida man tries to get best buy employees to transfer child porn to his new computer
florida man claims sandy hook school shooting never happened
3,000 calls to cops not enough for florida man
florida man tries to sell stolen macbook on craigslist, meets cop instead
florida man in jail has refused to shower since june and is rejecting his legal name, instead wanting to be called cog, meaning child of god.
florida man steals a woman's purse at a bar, returns a short time later, is recognized, arrested
florida man tosses his salami
florida man murders wife and posts grisly evidence to facebook
florida man shoots his rival named 'poo' in head, immediately crashes suv he just stole
fleeing florida man makes fake 9-1-1 calls to throw off police
florida man tells woman driving to pull over, she has a flat tire. then he says, "just kidding" and fondles her
florida man has threesome
florida man arrested for having a strip club in his barbershop!
florida man, former governor charlie crist, thanks constituent for sending him a nazi anti-semitic propaganda dvd and would be delighted to share it with the people of florida.
florida man argues with girlfriend over women's rights, punches her rabbit
florida man arrested for punching a rabbit.
florida man stashed $300 in rectum while under arrest
florida man arrested for punching pet rabbit: police - nbc news
florida man may lose home over display of american flag
florida man drives his car into a pool
machete wielding florida man says he's going to shoot the cops
florida man prints child porn at work
florida man kills grandmother then takes her for a 5 hour drive around a nudist community.
florida man argues with girlfriend then punches here rabbit.
florida man commits armed robbery for energy drinks: rides away on his bicycle
florida man owner of barbershop arrested after agents raided the business and said it was being used as a strip club.
florida man judge accused of punching an assistant public defender during an altercation outside the courtroom has issued a public apology as he prepares to return to the bench after a leave of absence.
florida man falls into an industrial-size wood chipper
florida man strangles roommate in hospital
florida man had $45k worth of pot in his car
florida man steals woman's xanax, imprisons her
serial flasher florida man offers $20 to woman to watch him masturbate
florida man and dui suspect hits tree while eating a chicken wing
florida man believes democrats are softening up the country for a chinese invastion
to buy fireworks from one of the hundreds of roadside vendors across the state, florida man must sign form saying they are only for scaring birds away from his farm or hatchery.
florida man shoots his son in the neck during a low speed chase on a riding lawn mower
florida man get's hit by cop then arrested for dui
florida man get's hit by cop car then arrested for dui.
florida man gets hit by cop car then arrested for dui.
florida man hoses raccoon out of tree
florida man arrested for dui - who just happens to be the third judge in his district in six months to receive such an arrest
florida man traps woman in fold out couch. (2011)
florida man shoots son trying to make getaway on lawnmower
florida man flips truck twice, flees scene of crash only to crash again and die
florida man tells deputies he has no idea how stolen goods ended up in his house because he was too drunk and high
70-year-old florida man swims 4 miles through alligator-infested waters because it was "on his bucket list".
florida man call's backpage escort. then rapes her at gunpoint while housemates try to stop him.
florida man way out of tune with the angel trumpet
florida man used his 6 and 8 year old daughters in burglary
florida man busted for sex tourism, using minor girls
florida man uses bleach to kill $20k worth of competitor's live bait
florida man and woman get car stuck in ditch of home they just burglarized, asked neighbors for help
florida man to judge in spiked drink case: throw out florida's food tampering law
12-years-old future florida man steals school bus, drives it to walmart, tells police it was actually being driven by 'constantine.'
florida man takes his 6 &amp; 8 year old kids with him to steal supplies from a construction site and gets them to help
florida man bites dog repeatedly
think it's hard being florida man? try being florida judge.
florida man hides $400 in his behind while under arrest
florida man writes craigslist post to someone he met through astral projection
florida man writes craigslist post to astrally-projected florida man
florida man who once spoke to the senate about how to stop identity thieves is once again on trial for identity theft
florida man pretends to be cop to scare children
florida man robs neighbor, says he doesn't remember doing it
florida man brings family to fight car dealership
florida man caught in the bushes beating meat
future florida man (12-years-old) steals school bus, tells police it was actually being driven by 'constantine.'
florida man to appear on 'naked and afraid', because he loves being naked
florida man accused of making meth on beach
florida man claims to be jesus christ, shoots his uncle 25 times.
florida man cooking meth on the beach.
misunderstood florida man charged with burglary, really just wanted to hang out with neighbors
florida man claims he's employed by the fbi, dea, and cia after walking into cvs with a paper bag on his head
florida man kills nudist grandmother and drives her body around the beach
florida man steals weed killer, arrested after leaving shoe behind at home depot
florida man trucker, kidnaps, strangles and beats tennessee woman
florida man, fugitive from justice on 18 million dollar tax refund scheme sentenced to 20 years in absentia
fhp: florida man crashes truck while eating wing and drunk
fake florida man passes fake 100$ bills
florida man asks: are you florida man?
florida man scalds friend with hot grits after petty dispute.
drunk florida man crashes truck while eating chicken wings
florida man.. murica is to america as "__" is to florida
a florida young man took a school bus on a 14-mile joyride: and was said to have done rather well.
a young florida man takes a school bus on a 14-mile joyride: and is said to have done reasonably well.
hoa initiates foreclosure proceedings against florida man for small us flag in flowerpot
last-minute portugal goal stuns usa, causes florida man to fall out window
florida man threatening to leave florida
florida man charged with slaying grandmother in nudist colony murder
florida man faces fine after using mobile signal jammer to keep others off their phones
florida man arrested for using cell phone jammer to keep motorists around him off the phone
florida man steals school bus from elementary school and takes it to the beach. plot twist: this florida man is 12 years old.
florida man shoots new father in the head during infant's homecoming party
florida man hid a phone jammer in his suv to stop other drivers taking calls
florida man kills nudist grandma, then drives her around town for 5 hours
florida man watching world cup game tumbles out of window
police cadet florida man bitten by gator while learning how to approach gators
florida man falls into a woodchipper.
teen florida man killed nudist grandmother at nudist colony, drove body around - neighbor called authorities after seeing florida man drag a wrapped bag with feet dangling out into his grandmother's minivan early monday
florida man spends 5 hours driving dead grandmother around nudist colony
florida man drives into tree while snacking on chicken wing
florida man accidentally falls into wood chipper.
florida man steals engagement ring from alzheimer patient
lieutenant florida man, edward law, arrested for dui after rear-ending car.
florida man dies in gruesome wood chipper accident
florida man (x2) steal snakes and lizards
florida man on motorcycle harasses family
florida man killed nudist grandmother, drove body around town.
florida man killed by woodchipper
florida man tells deputies he wasn't masturbating in park; tries to dispose of vaseline when they're not looking
florida man loses job as deputy after he lets drunk friend heckle women through patrol car's loud speaker
a florida man has been charged with attempted murder after throwing a pan of hot grease and grits at a man who was on his front porch.
florida man steals beer from store that deputies were standing in front of.
florida man arrested after grandma's body found in vehicle, in nudist community.
florida man dies in wood chipper accident
florida man hits officer in the head with flip-flop during scuffle.
florida man allegedly raped 15-year-old girl in a park for three hours
florida man has been charged with attempted murder after throwing a pan of grits at a man who was on his front porch.
florida man falls into wood chipper
florida man finds shark in freshwater pond.
12 arrested after making false reports of objects found in soft drink cans, including florida man who 'did it for attention'
florida man killed after falling into industrial-sized wood chipper
florida man verbally abuses walmart employees while riding around store on scooter
florida man is back to his old tricks!
florida man slapped with a $48,000 federal fine for hiding a cell phone jammer in his vehicle.
florida man dies in fight after stealing chainsaws.
florida man captures bobcat swimming in country club pool.
florida man made a guest appearance in my local news (pix 11)
florida man beats guy up that didn't buy him drugs.
florida man tries nun chucks to stop dog attack
law-enforcing florida man fired after driving two drunk friends around in his patrol car and heckling people with obscenities
naked woman apron gets florida man banned from central florida farmers market
florida man gets really, really lucky
deputy florida man fired after friend uses patrol-car speaker to heckle public
florida man charged with attempted murder after hot grits attack.
florida man, armed with nunchucks, fails to rescue neighbor from double pit bull attack.
no charges for florida man who left gun in couch, where toddler found it and killed his mom
florida man sets boss' truck on fire because he got fired.
florida man and three buddies decide to move 11-foot gator off the road, with predictable results. "i've always been the kind of guy who learns the hard way," he said later.
a florida man known as 'fat boy' hides his drug stash in exactly the place a guy called 'fat boy' would
florida man killed by stray bullet while at family gathering
florida man who planned 'last stand' in preparation for apocalypse evades capture by fbi
florida man hid drugs under 'stomach fat'
florida man sex offender charged with trying to kill missing girl, 16, before capture
crazy florida man / woman stories now a web series (x-post from /r/funny)
man tries to sell pot to uniformed police officer in florida
risqu  apron gets florida man banned from farmer's market
florida man rescues wild predator with bear hands
florida man tries to sell pot to uniformed police officer
florida man with kids, 15 pit bulls, lived in filthy hoarder house littered with rotting food and feces
you've seen america's most handsome mug shot... florida man nominated for america's ugliest
florida man punches pregnant woman in the face
florida man sick of boys playing on his lawn, uses pepper spray on them
florida man riding across america on mule
florida man charged with attempted murder for attack with hot grits
florida man flies through air after crash, gets up, walks away (video)
florida man sets fire to his boss' house and truck after being fired for always showing up to work "high."
florida man sneaks gun into prison to shoot himself in hopes of a shorter sentence.
handcuffed florida man shoots at officers using gun from butt cheeks.
florida man ex-porn actor, star of  entering the student body,  runs for school board in south florida
florida man pleads guilty to harassing endangered manatees.
florida man punches pregnant boost mobile store clerk in the face during robbery
florida man accidentally shoots neighbor. neighbor had just arrived home from the hospital with his wife and newborn son.
florida man tells deputies it was 'his bad' for stealing neighbor's underwear and tools
florida man plots bloody last stand, police foil brilliant plot by offering him hamburgers
florida man opens fire on county swat team, says he was protecting right to bear arms
florida man on motorcycle cartwheels through the air after being hit by car
florida man accused of attempted murder with hot grits
florida man shoots self and calls police to blame it on another person...twice in one year.
florida man goes to a pensacola, fl boostmobile store
florida man bought kittens on craigslist to torture and kill
florida man caught hiding cocaine and 23 grams of marijuana under fold of stomach fat.
florida man and his alabama buddy given probation and must give an apology on facebook for doing a cannonball on a manatee, filming it and posting it online
florida man and his alabama buddy given probation community service and must give an apology on facebook for doing a cannonball on a manatee, filming it and posting it online
florida man and his alabama buddy given probation, community service and must give an apology on facebook for doing a cannonball on a manatee, filming it and posting it online
angry over eviction, florida man does doughnuts in front yard.
florida man keeps sex slaves.
florida man executed after supreme court rejects appeal; becomes 3rd us citizen to be executed in a single 24 hour period.
florida man uses bleach to kill $20,000 worth of competitor's bait fish
florida man banned from farmers market for wearing apron.... see-through material painted in the shape of a woman's naked body, complete with bare breasts and a flower covering her genitals.
florida man blames weed, red bull for making him climb through the attic to steal undergarments from a neighboring apartment
florida man arrested for choking, chasing 12-year-old
florida man stabs wedding guest after preacher asked family and friends to pray.
florida man killed by neighbor s stray bullet as family welcomes home newborn baby.
florida man hid drugs under 'stomach fat'
florida man catches a ride on the back of a whale shark
31-year-old florida man mounts 91-year-old mccool
florida man arrested for video voyeurism
florida man intentionally shoots himself with gun he smuggled into prison so he can sue the government
florida man, age 31, mounts mccool, age 91
florida man is probably best candidate for palm beach county school board, despite being ex-porn star
florida man arrested when visiting pimped and battered victim at hospital
florida man who did cannonball on top of manatee staves off jail time
florida man discovers it's legal to ride sharks
florida man approaches two young boys, puts hand on 8 year old's shoulder and says, "i want to show you some love."
florida man approaches two young boys, puts hand on one of the 8 year old's shoulder and says, "i want to show you some love."
florida man becomes 3rd executed in us in 24 hours
florida man cannonballs a manatee on video. a year later he face jail/fines.
florida man tries to pay prostitute with a salad.
florida man accidentally shoots himself, again, tries to blame it on robber again
florida man, florida woman have public sex in retirement community
florida man shoots robber after 911 transfers him to voicemail
florida man skinny dips in neighborhood pool, tells cops he is doing the breast stroke
florida man holds 3 woman in his house as sex slaves
florida man smoke's a blunt, later throws baby. florida police use this story as proof of reefer madness.
florida man's baby dies after being left in hot car, one week after another florida man does the same.
florida man surrenders after leading police on 90-m.p.h. chase, vomits on patrol car
florida man crosses "ride whale shark" off his bucket list
florida man arrested after being found in possession on over 100 cloned credit cards, dora the explorer chair
florida man offers prostitute a salad as payment
florida man arrested for having sex with his teenage daughter
florida man kills friend for magic cards worth $100,000.
florida man just being florida man
florida man, gay and black, set to become first district court judge for federal court
ex-porn star florida man running for palm beach school board
florida man becomes first openly gay black federal judge
florida man cuts a hole in his truck to rescue kitten
florida man arrested for incest with his teen daughter
florida man tries to get out of traffic by jumping median with monster truck, fails
florida man with assault rifle arrested on way to kill ex-girlfriend, her boyfriend, her child.
florida man hides drugs under stomach fat
florida man strikes again... with his fat.
what was 68-year-old florida man shaking in jensen beach that got him arrested?
florida man and doomsday prepper evades federal agents attempting to arrest him for creating explosives devices designed to shoot fishhooks at "crotch level" - among many other charges. search warrant in link.
florida man paints american flag on house in protest
florida man shoots his son on father's day
florida man kept 3 women as sex slaves using traps, cameras, weapons
florida man shoots son multiple times on father's day for trying to intervene in a fight with his mother
450-pound florida man hid marijuana in stomach fat
florida man claiming to be superhero threatens neighbor with 12 gauge for cutting grass
florida man hid drugs under stomach fat
florida man hid drugs under flaps/rolls of body fat.
deputy: florida man hid drugs under 'stomach fat'
florida man gets propositioned by hooker in broad daylight in walmart parking lot.
florida man: accountant timothy deegan kept 3 women as sex slaves: cops
florida man shoots son on father's day
florida man alerts cops to his illegal drug dealing via twitter
florida man goes to work at fraternal order of police telemarketing office: leaves 9 month old in car for several hours with predictable results
florida man busted for cooking meth at the beach
florida man sets neighbors shutters on fire with cigarette
florida man puts up online ad inviting ladies to come over to mansion in which he was illegally squatting
florida man calls 911, gets voicemail, and then shoots at the 4 home invaders himself
florida man shot son on father's day
florida man tells cops he was "only joking" when he doused his wife with gasoline and tried to set her on fire, then threatened her with knives when he couldn't get a spark
florida man charged with head-butting police officer
florida man motorcyclist clocked at 150+ mph, says he never intended to elude the troopers who followed him
florida man shoots robber after 911 call transfers him to voicemail (x-post /r/news)
florida man plots to rape, kill 9 year old girl
florida man, multimillion dollar scam artist claims he's too fat and unhealthy for federal prison
florida man cooks meth on gandy beach (redneck riviera)
florida man burns down ex girlfriends home: rides away on bicycle
florida man buried girlfriend under porch
450lb florida man hides drugs in fat rolls
florida man hides drugs under stomach fat.
florida man's spider-man statue removed from playground because of boner
florida man calls for help during home invasion, gets voicemail, goes ahead and shoots the fucker
florida man kept 3 women as sex slaves: cops
450-pound florida man hid marijuana in stomach fat: deputies
florida man buries girlfriend under porch
florida man planned to film rape of young girl and kill her family.
happy father's day: florida man confesses to killing 16 month old child. florida woman,mother, 18, on school bus.
florida man shoots and kills 1 injures 4 when driver dies and crashes into house. killer misses court date due to mental health issues.
florida man bans children from church due to sex offender preacher
florida man plotted rape, killings, and making dvd's
florida man, motorcyclist clocked at 150+ says he lost track of his speed during his  thrill ride  and never intended to elude the troopers who followed him.
feds drop marriage fraud case after arresting florida man and florida woman in their marital bed
florida man cuts open truck to save kitten (x-post from /r/aww)
florida man terrorizes campus with school-wide masturbation streak
florida (wo)man has crazy name, shoots missile at car.
450 florida man had marijuana stashed in his stomach fat
florida man dies after lightning strike
florida man dubbed "the serial kisser" for allegedly stalking, kissing women in walmart
florida man destroys his own property on a hunt for unseen kitty
florida man becomes syrian suicide bomber
florida man finds interesting spot to hide his stash
florida man lures parents and juvenile to abandoned home with story of being a student film maker, plans to kill adults, rape children on video. they escape: he planned to try again.
florida man, sheriff arrests wrong woman twice. she was in jail for 28 days before they figured it out their mistake.
florida man crashes car into cnn lobby
crossdressing florida man arrested for stealing 18 televisions
florida man gets high, drives his mercedes through cnn's lobby.
well-dressed" florida man walks up to women in stores and tells them he's a doctor, then gives them a breast exam
florida man calls 911 during home invasion, gets transferred to voicemail
florida man gets high, falls asleep at the wheel, and crashes through the front entrance of a cnn building.
florida man suspected of arson attempts to become volunteer firefighter
florida man hitches a ride on a whale shark!
florida man accused of plotting to rape girls after luring families
florida man tried to sell weed to uniformed cop while pushing infant in stroller.
florida man planned to make and sell dvds of himself raping children
florida man 71-year-old cab driver cooperates with crooks gets robbed, stabbed anyway
this florida man built a teepee next to his house.
florida man crashes car into cnn center in atlanta
the state of florida wants to contract marvel comics to redesign captain citrus and transform him into florida man
florida man charged in alleged plot to videotape girl's rape, kill her family
florida man clocked on motorcycle at 157 mph in the rain. says he's not a bad kid.
florida man allegedly plotted to slay family, rape girl
florida man arrested for offering a salad in exchange for sex
florida man twirls outside store while also 'donald ducking  (i.e. wearing nothing from the waist down)
florida man arrested at library for making meth
florida man curses judge and gets 364 days in jail for contempt (nsfw video)
florida man cuts into truck to rescue kitten
florida man with blue paint on face arrested at dollar store
florida man moves to ohio, gets arrested for sex with pool toys
florida man / uf student banned from campus for multiple counts of public masturbation
florida man arrested for 'drunk sexting' cop
florida man post picture on instagram bragging about stolen firearms. now faces 142 felonies.
florida man and friends steal ipad, make getaway in kayak
florida man tries to buy handgun with fake cop id
florida man beats up 13 year old daughter's boyfriend: was out on bond for battering wife
florida man gets 3.2 million in whistle blower settlement: shands hospital system attempted to screw taxpayers out of 26 million
florida man lost a bet
florida man keeps three sex slaves in his upscale home.
florida man, angry with divorce court judge, wants his day in court
florida man charged with $76 million scam targeting bailout money
florida man arrested on child porn charges.
florida man tried to sell marijuana to uniformed cop
florida man, veteran, captures pythons
florida man judge challenges lawyer to a fight outside courtroom
confused florida man says he thought hydrocodone was ibuprofen, tells cops a fat woman gave him the pill
florida man accused of sexting lewd selfies of himself in women's clothing to cop
florida man in business attire says he's a doctor before molesting women at store
florida man arrested after beating brother with 3 foot pot plant
florida man keeps 3 as sex slaves
florida man can make a weapon out of anything.
florida man tries to pay undercover cop for sex with a salad
florida man trespassed from uf campus for masturbating in public
florida man bought weapons from undercover fbi agents, found guilty of attempting to use weapons of mass destruction.
florida man pulled over; climbs through sunroof to perform 'sexually charged dance' on roof of car
florida man sues police for being shot and tasered after 911 call
florida man gave two pre-teen girls marijuana and encouraged them to use a used sex toy.
florida man busted for selling drugs out of his store has a lawyer named hashish
florida man tries selling marijuana to uniformed police officers.
florida man makes meth at the library
florida man offers salad in exchange for fellatio from undercover cop
florida man dancing on car exposes himself to child and deputy
florida man shines laser at police helicopter and gets caught
florida man, pastor, admits to being ninja robber plaguing florida
drunken florida man and florida woman have sex on stage
florida man flees 2 crashes with child in car
in a plot twist, florida man rescues florida man
1 horse dead, 1 recovering after being injected by florida man with gasoline
florida man beats other florida man with pot plant
florida man arrested for sending x-rated selfies of himself in lingerie to random cop
florida man dies after jumping in water after dog
florida man governor rick scott returned the shelter dog he rescued for his 2010 campaign
florida man injects horses with gasoline, kills one horse
florida man arrested for trying to pay for sex with salad
deputies search for florida man who stole 17 pit bulls from yard
florida man has sex with dolphin at amusement park
florida man beats 87 year old father to death with a sledgehammer
2yo dies in hot car when florida man goes to get a phone charger and falls asleep
florida man points a laser at sheriff's helicopter.
florida man accidentally shoots and kills roomate while showing off his new pistol
florida man fires his laser at a sheriff's helicopter.
florida man, meet florida grandma
florida man lives in most stressed state in america
florida man throws baby across room. "i'll give you something to cry about."
florida man tries to throw weed away, hits deputy with it
five dead after florida man kills family, self
florida man, bus monitor, assaults harnessed autistic boy
florida man, scams debt collectors out of 70 million usd, screws employees out of 8 weeks salary
florida man proposes to girlfriend with engagement ring tied to alligator
florida man on house arrest, goes to beach, takes 11 year old daughter on drunken hell ride: hit and run x3
florida man fires four shots into the air and is given 20 years per shot to run consecutively or 80 years in prison
florida man city commissioner says he was  protecting  himself when he shouted n-word at publix shoppers
florida man throws crying baby across room: "i'll give you something to cry about."
florida man accused of killing unarmed teen 'lost it' over loud rap music
florida man leaves 7-year-old son home alone with no electricity while "visiting friends at ihop"
wife gets her own cot after jail visit with florida man ends badly
florida man: if humans cause climate change, then  why did the dinosaurs go extinct ?
florida man accused of assaulting brother with marijuana plants
florida man hits his brother in the face with marijuana plant.
florida man caught with "bible" listing stolen items
florida man steals m-16 automatic rifle: keeps town from getting any goodies (mrap's etc) from uncle sam.
florida man accused of texting lewd photos to police
florida man is stressed out [video]
florida man pretends to be a cop, and pulls over real florida cop
florida man involved in urban renewal
florida man burglary suspect arrested in woman's swimsuit.
florida man chooses patriotic paint job for his home to stick it to city's code enforcement
florida man pulls samurai sword on girlfriend and tries to head butt cop.
florida man, fake war hero, must repay benefits judge says
florida man, pilot, taxis into retention pond: ac was tricycle gear c172
florida man high school principal cancels entire reading program to block cory doctorow's "little brother"
florida man impersonating a cop pulls over an actual florida man cop
florida man leaves son at home alone to make an ihop run...house burns down
florida man disguises penis as bag of vegetables in checkout line
florida man assaults brother with marijuana plants
florida man hits brother with marijuana plant.
florida man used marijuana plants to beat brother
florida man used marijuana plants to beat brother.
florida man accused of hitting brother with marijuana plants
florida man caught wearing stolen women's bathing suit
florida man kills family in murder-suicide
florida man accused of attempted murder, beating and rubbing dog feces on girlfriend
florida man paints american flag on house to protest city citation
florida man, triple murderer, tells 911 dispatcher that world is under evil control and that he wants to start world war 3
florida woman, busybody, emails city council 3000 times, calls neighbors "slum and scum". where is florida man when you need him?
florida man injects horses with gasoline
florida man threw a baby girl across a room because she was crying
florida man framed by police for recording them
florida man (judge) gets in fist fight with public defender in courtroom
florida man, impersonating a cop, pulls over a st. johns county detective.
prison inmate florida man gets weed delivery while on roadside work crew
florida man freaks out and throws crying baby. florida sheriff blames it on the "blunt and a half" the guy had smoked the night before
florida man upsets his community when he displays too much affection for his girlfriend on the job.
florida man being invaded by giant gambian pouched rat, another reason to be afraid of florida
rattlesnake bites florida man in the butt
florida man urinates on man s lawn, shoots him when he complains
22-year-old florida man spent 9 months posing as middle school student
i ll give you something to cry about,  says florida man who threw baby across room
putnam county man (florida man's plucky sidekick) bitten on the hand by rattlesnake while trying to "shoo" it off the road. they had to administer 52 vials of anti-venom.
florida man bitten in the ass by rattlesnake. also from putnam county. no details regarding why it bit his butt.
florida man charged with impersonating cop after pulling over real detective
florida man pees on lawn, shoots onlooker
florida man angry after police break into and damage his truck over dubious marijuana suspicion
florida man paints american flag on house to protest city citation
florida man and florida woman in condiment fight leaving both drenched in ketchup, maple syrup
florida man accused of shining laser at police helicopter
fake cop: florida man arrested after ordering sheriff's detective to pull over
florida man pictured with his mom and girlfriend  his 91 year old girlfriend 
florida man arrested for allegedly impersonating cop, pulling over real officer
77 year old "impotent" florida man rubbed exposed penis on women at farmer s market
22 year-old florida man spends 9 months posing as middle school student.
florida man accused of indecent exposure at farmers market
florida man refuses to answer questions in court, claims he is a sovereign state
florida man films train crashing into truck full of watermelons
woman arrested after striking florida man with sandwich
florida man impersonating police officer pulls over unmarked police car
florida man grinds off his jail tattoos with a steel wire brush
florida man arrested when cell phone he stole takes a selfie of him.
florida man threatened to  blow  woman s kneecaps off before shooting man over lost dog
florida man in gorilla suit gets tranquillised before proposal.
florida man wanted to remind everyone that  this is america.  so he painted a giant american flag on his house.
florida man declares himself independent country, won't follow us laws.
florida man admits stalking woman, planting bottle bombs in her car
florida man impersonating police officer pulls over unmarked car
florida man paints american flag on home to protest fines...finally a good florida man story!
florida man removed from jury in handcuffs to face contempt of court for posting about the case on facebook
flasher florida man accused of exposing himself to police
nude florida man arrested near nursing home
argument over noise leads to fatal shooting of florida man
florida man (not just any old florida man - a floride judge man) seeks anger management help after courthouse brawl
florida man blows himself up in syria
florida man, pretending to be acop pulls over florida officer
florida man, pretending to be a cop, pulls over florida officer
meta] suggestion for florida man theme song
florida-judge-man attack public defender in court parking lot. i love my state.
florida man declares himself 'sovereign citizen', refuses to send daughter to school
florida man charged with impersonating cop after pulling over real detective
florida man paints house like the american flag to protest city code enforcement; makes himself an example for why the city has to set codes and enforce them
florida man spends 9 months posing as a middle school student.
florida man arrested for posing as a cop after pulling over a cop.
florida man jailed after yanking on police k9's tail
florida man wins approval for whites-only arby's in spring hill
florida man poses as cop, tries to pull over real cop
florida man wins approval for white's-only arby's, then finds out his great-grandmother was african american.
judge takes break during hearing to fight florida man
florida man assaults pregnant family member with cheese burger
florida man attacks pregnant lady with a cheese burger.
florida man, 31, currently dating five women aged 60-91.
nude florida man caught pumping his hose in front yard, cops say
florida man called 911 on wife for 'throwing out his beer,' police say
florida woman jailed after dispute over parking spaces after throwing a sandwich at florida man
florida man &amp; florida woman provide narration for a truck full of watermelons being hit by a train
florida man man charged in double homicide one day after prison release
florida man judge tells lawyer to step out of court room because he's gonna beat his ass.
let s go out back and i ll beat your ass : florida man (judge) allegedly attacks lawyer outside courtroom
florida man judge beats up florida man public defender
florida man, a judge, tells public defender to "go out back or i'll just beat your ass."
florida man hospitalized after being shot in buttocks
florida man, nazi sympathizer, attempts to commit suicide by sheriff
florida man sets up outdoor target range in the middle of his neighborhood, one of stephen colbert's difference makers
florida man (x2), teacher and attorney, charged with forcing a minor to strip
florida man tries to trade a live alligator for a 12 pack of beer
florida man hit and killed while take a swig of his beer in the middle of the street
oh, florida man...florida judge beat up a lawyer in the middle of trial
florida man threatens to kill mcdonald s employee, others
florida man gets 3 months for smuggling dinosaur skeleton
florida man self described as sovereign citizen ordered to enroll 8-year-old girl in school | ocala.com
florida man (a judge) challenges public defender to a fight, then hits him
florida man: florida judge john murphy beats public defender andrew weinstock.
florida man called 911 after wife had "thrown out his beer"
florida man impersonates cop, tries to pull over deputy
florida man (and brevard county judge) accused of punching public defender
florida man calls 911 after wife throws out beer
florida man jailed for parking illegally
florida man caught masturbating in his front yard
florida man charged with attempted murder. shot one neighbor over missing dog. threatened to "blow the kneecaps off" of another
florida man shoots neighbor over missing dog. threatens to "blow the kneecaps" off another. finally taken down after getting wacked with a hammer
florida man who smuggled t-rex skeleton into u.s. gets 3 months
florida man thrown in jail for posting details of trial to facebook while on jury duty
x/post from wtf] florida man towing a boat behind his wheelchair
florida man reppin in syria
florida man beats double amputee roommate.
florida man intentionally rams car into state trooper, killing him. blames "a time warp".
florida man steals gps device, calls police because he is lost.
florida man towing his boat behind his wheelchair
florida man catches his dog on fire, then severely burns himself while trying to save it.
florida man insists he is a state unto himself
florida man bonds son out of jail, gets arrested again within hours
florida man uses water hose nozzle to rob a cvs - florida needs help
florida man, judge, tells attorney in court "i'll beat your ass", throws punches outside court
execution set for florida man who killed 11-year-old
florida man kills friend over last beer
florida man burglarizes home, snorts man's ashes thinking it was cocaine
homeless florida man racks up $3,000 hotel bill
florida man jailed after pulling police dog's tail
florida man faces contempt of court charges for posting comments on facebook while serving as a juror
florida man assaults lawyer outside of courtroom. he was the presiding judge.
florida man called 911 on wife for 'throwing out his beer'.
florida man calls police to report being lost and chased by wild boars. officers discover that he has an outstanding warrant...and a stolen gps device.
florida man throws cheeseburger at pregnant woman, gets arrested
florida man, home invader, calls victim to apologize
nsfw] florida man just being himself (x-post from /r/wtf)
suicide bomber is identified as a florida man
florida man kills two people with car, drives away
florida man, world war ii vet, 90, killed by train on way to see favorite barber
florida man says he was a voracious car burglar
drunken florida man shot pistols, pooped his pants when deputy arrived
florida man fought with officers, defecated in pants
florida man urinated on walgreens cough drops, cops say
florida man exposed himself, urinated on er floor and passed gas with an 'unbearable aroma"
florida man arrested after duping women to change his diaper
florida man groundskeeper, tired of feces, shot ducks with high-powered rifle from rooftop
florida man found with feces on him stole car
florida man offering free armadillos on craigslist
florida man suicide bombs syria
florida man responsible for suicide bomb attack in syria.
florida man travels to syria to become a suicide bomber
florida man carries out suicide bombing in syria
florida man discovered as a suicide bomber in syria
florida man has a black bear in daytona beach backyard hammock
florida man uses wire wheel to remove gang tattoos.
florida man stalks state trooper for a week, leaves threatening post-its on cop car, attacks officer.
florida man is a suicide bomber in syria.
florida man (and bank robber) accidentally leaves name with bank teller
florida man sentenced to 20 years for writing about sexually torturing and eating children
that's a wrap for florida man
this is how florida man ties down and secures his load.
son of florida man barred from his high school's commencement after he sent administrators scurrying to cover up the gigantic wang he'd etched into the graduation ceremony field.
florida man faces 60 years in prison for shooting teens over loud music
lost central florida man calls 911, gets arrested with stolen gps in backpack.
nyt: suicide bomber is identified as florida man
suicide bomber is identified as a florida man
homeless florida man found with a broken bottle in his anus.
homeless florida man found with broken bottle in his anus.
florida man arrested with 350 lbs of marijuana after orange county chase
florida man arrested peeking into nursing home windows and inappropriately touching himself
desperate florida man needed money for drugs, robs store armed with a rock, store owner fights him off with a stick
florida man needed money for drugs, robs store armed with a rock, store manager fights him off with a stick
florida man faces negligence charges after leaving his loaded ak-47 unattended, resulting in his 6-year-old nephew picking it up and accidentally shooting his grandfather.
florida man steals a car's gps, calls cops to report that he is lost
it's a stick up! florida man attempts to rob bank using a stick.
florida man intentionally runs over nys trooper, found naked
florida man, wheelchair bound, tries to escape police custody
florida man intentionally hits, kills, ny state trooper
n.y. state trooper killed after florida man intentionally hit him along highway: police
florida man is apparently traveling north for the summer
florida man becomes jihadi and carries out suicide bombing in syria
florida man claims he can prove  time warp  caused him to kill ny state trooper with his truck
florida man uses hose nozzle to rob store
florida man arrested for monkey sex
florida man, probation officer, sexually batters a woman he is supervising
sharp-dressed florida man tries to steal 10 bottles of nyquil
nearly 100 florida man(s) and women, including former cop and 15-year-old-girl, arrested in polk county sex slave sting
florida man has his friend use a stainless steel wire bit on a dremel tool to remove his facial tattoos
a florida man arrested after biting off girlfriend's lip
florida man charged with sending sexual texts to fifth-grader
florida man drowns while attempting to save his dog
chronic burping leaves florida man desperate, turning to youtube for help
florida man must pay $2.2 million penalty for swiss bank account
florida man (allegedly) murders 3, runs to knoxville, tn and opens fire on swat team
florida man murders 3, surround by swat at a tennessee cracker barrel
florida man wanted far 3 murders, surround by swat at a tennessee cracker barrel
florida man wanted for 3 murders, surround by swat at a tennessee cracker barrel
florida man becomes angry after girlfriend calls him gay for watching transgender porn, assaults her with his shoe
florida man can't go to beach to relax. police arrest dozens during memorial day ruckus by the beach ft lauderdale
florida man, shot outside wal-mart
florida man attempts to pay fine at courthouse with counterfeit bills
florida man reels in rare 500 pound sawfish
florida man injured after jumping from roof into pool
update: florida man and florida woman caught screwing on taxpayer dime now filing federal lawsuit
florida man shoots son four times: tells cops he hopes he didn't kill him
florida man attempts to steal police car with officer inside. "i thought you were my ride," he says.
florida man, cross dresser, steals 18 tv sets from wal-mart
florida man annoys neighbors with a helicopter landing pad in his front yard
florida man, florida woman have sex on the taxpayer's dime
florida man wins indy 500
florida man hides in back of van, assaults wife's boyfriend
florida man goes on deadly shooting spree after girlfriend reneges on triple whopper promise
florida man charged with starving his father to death
florida man defends himself in court; commits state assisted suicide
saw this florida man fly by me today.
florida man crashes car, killing a crossing guard, leaves his injured kids at the scene and runs away
florida man accused of stealing grave markers
florida man used police scanner to find runaway teens to get drunk and make child porn of.
meta] how is there not a florida man comic book yet?
florida man homicide detective tied to massive irs tax fraud in the hundreds of millions by filing taxes on dead people.
florida man gets arrested for using twitter to request threat to get out of taking test.
florida man exercises his constitutional rights
florida man shot to death walking down the street
florida man caught teaching college classes with a fake diploma
florida man arrested after "movie like" jewelry heist
florida man arrested twice in one week for sexually abusing dogs
laughing florida man crashes into car, strips naked, screams at people and tries to unscrew at lightbulb
laughing florida man crashes car, strips naked, screams at people and tries to unscrew a lightbulb
florida man fatally struck after love triangle fight
florida man jumps out of car and swims almost a mile to avoid speeding ticket
florida woman stabs florida man after he farts in her face
florida man opens fire after receiving wrong burger king sandwich.
florida man crashes tractor-trailer on highway on-ramp, releases 20 million bees
florida man interrupted by sound of gunfire while addressing press conference on violent crime.
florida man lawmaker warns common core will turn children 'homosexual'
florida man finds out church's artworks are fake, tries to sell them to undercover cop
florida man fights off shark
chronic burping leaves florida man embarrassed
florida man accused of training fighting dogs to attack small feral hog
teen prostitute known as 'chocolate bunny' accused in murder of florida man
florida man knocks homeless florida woman into path of speeding vehicle and she is run over
florida man hanged himself in church offices
remember the florida man named edward cocaine who was a drug suspect? he just got his drop charge charged, but still is 'high' on life
crime drunken florida man threw lit fireworks at 7-year-old girl, 63-year-old woman, dogs: police
florida man claiming to be teddy roosevelt's relative banned from bluffton hotel
florida man cooked to death in scalding shower as punishment by prison guards
florida man intentionally drives through a publix after fiance breaks up with him
florida man admits pointing laser beam into cockpit of plane landing at pbia
assistant state attorney florida man: "happy mothers day to all the crack hoes out there. it's never too late to tie your tubes, clean up your life and make difference to someone out there that deserves a better mother."
florida man carrying backpack full of meth, steals motorcycle, leads cops on 146 mph chase.
florida man, son of lobster boy discusses dad's grisly murder on 'freakshow'
florida man and his laughing talking dog
florida man has an interesting palmistry technique.
florida man accuses state testing of being a homosexual recruiting tool.
florida man (rep.) charles van zant says testing company promotes homosexuality
florida man and friends jailed after fight involving a case of beer, a machete and a baseball bat
florida man killed by  chocolate bunny 
son of florida man arrested after tweeting plans to rape little children to police department
son of florida man killed after safe falls on top of him
florida man arrested while picking up a hooker in a dump truck
florida man chokes wife unconscious leading her to drop infant son on the floor
florida man demands the right to marry porn filled laptop to 'protest gay marriage'
florida man claims common core education will "attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can."
florida man shot to death in car, possible road rage
appeals court upholds 1,000-year sentence for florida man
florida man bites bottom lip off of girlfriend after argument.
florida man murders his 70 year old step dad and shot his 7 year old son
it was a bonehead decision : florida man regrets kicking 6-year-old son down skateboard ramp
florida man stabs and kills friend over the last beer
florida man bites off his girlfriend's bottom lip in tallahassee
florida man spots elephant on the beach
florida deputies seize phone from florida man after he records them beating suspect into coma
florida man gets fed up with girlfriend's lip, stops her mouthing off
patriotic florida man steals american flag from home
florida man steals car with baby in the back seat, drops baby off on nearby porch
florida man imprisoned for 1000 years
florida man and florida woman falsely reports their kidnapping
chief florida man is trying to ban swear words.
florida man posts to /r/floridaman seeking florida woman....ladies ;]
florida man beats up young man with down syndrome for packing...a colostomy bag
florida man stabs wife after deacon departs
florida man hates competition
florida man with last name 'cocaine' arrested for drug possession
florida man flips stolen car, attempts to carjack good samaritan
florida man walked around hotel drunk and naked, masturbated in store and tried to grab woman's genitals
florida man stabs wife after marriage counseling session with church deacon
florida man performs magic trick, fired for wizardry
florida man gym teacher busted stealing money from his student's lockers
florida man fatally stabs drinking buddy over last beer
florida man pistol whips 65-year-old woman, shoots 66-year-old man all for a purse
florida man bites his nephew's face after flying in to a drunken rage
if this isn't a florida man i have no idea what is.
florida man buys another florida man clothes &amp; loans him his car for a job interview, florida man robs bank instead.
florida man naked &amp; high dances on freeway. (watch the video now).
florida man says he broke into neighbor's home for eggs...
no bail for florida man in texting shooting at movie theater
florida man chases burglar through streets in bathrobe
florida man and his 2 ninja buddies, captured
florida man prefers bud light
florida man leaves live grenade in his storage unit. another florida man finds it after winning the auction.
florida man and wife fight before a judge over circumcising son
florida man threatens to kill neighbors with a hammer. stands on lawn screaming "come and get you some hammer"
florida man escapes cops  clutches in stolen car but runs into alligator s jaws
florida man dresses as a ninja, burglarizes multi-million dollar home
florida man big money business idea selling on craigslist.
florida man says he stabbed friend over last beer
florida man stabs his best friend and his friends dog over last can of beer.
florida man steals car, crashes into alligator.
florida man cop kicks the legs out from under handcuffed 13 year old boy
florida man cop kicks the legs out from under handcuffed 13 year old boy
jews vs nazis beer pong is becoming an issue for a florida man
jews vs nazis beer pong is becoming an issue for florida man
florida man brings real gun to a watergun fight
florida man sets his own car on fire whilst cooking crack driving! crackhead!
florida man buys stolen jeep from crackhead for 20 bucks because he needed a ride
police: florida man and florida woman ask other florida woman for drugs, shoots her in buttock
florida man, human fluid rot performs while defecating, says, "i'm a normal guy"
florida man steals $950 from players' wallets
another florida man kills friend over the last can of natty ice.
florida man arrested taking selfies with drugs
florida man goes on sword, hack saw and wind chimes rampage
florida man says he stabbed friend over last beer
florida man was face-down in a pool of his own blood, resisting arrest before a firefighter gave him a sedative to calm him down. now he's in a coma.
neighbor from hell' florida man admits he lost control
florida man teacher caught stealing from kids
florida man says he fatally stabbed friend over last beer
florida man discovers he is not a u.s. citizen after 49 years voting, working for government
florida man kicked over a mailbox and more
florida man tries to mug an amputee, ends up in hospital.
florida man stabs wife after marriage counseling session
alligator helps catch florida man car thief
florida man arrested after beating girlfriend, chasing neighbor with sword
florida man charged with 'skype sex' with girl, 15
florida man upset over cookie prices robs subway
florida man, a congressman, picks his ear &amp; eats it live on c-span
florida man arrested after installing hidden cameras in vacation rental properties and recording 4000 videos
florida man masturbates in front of off duty deputy
florida man bites his nephew in the face
unarmed florida man and his friend killed in barrage of 377 bullets fired by police
florida man "brick in yo face" rapper stitches the rapper being exposed on instagram
florida man posts drug dealing selfie online, gets arrested
florida man buys stolen jeep from a crackhead for $20 because he needed a ride
florida man bought stolen jeep from crackhead for $20 because he needed a ride
florida man arrested after taking drug-deal selfie next to sheriff s car
florida man help injured hammerhead shark deliver 20 pups on beach
florida man pleads guilty to buying drugs on silk road website with bitcoins
florida man bloodies ex-girlfriend with sword, hacksaw and wind chimes
florida man hits and kills black bear on i-75.
unknown florida man dresses as a ninja and wears a fedora to rob elderly
florida man assaulted after refusing to cuddle
florida man caught in compromising position with a hooker.
florida man files motion for permission to marry a porn filled apple computer.
florida man imports middle east respiratory syndrome (mers) to florida
florida man x6 are arrested in undercover drug bust.....in city hall parking lot
drunken florida man kisses and licks cashier's hand
florida man fends off great white with speargun
when police arrived, florida man, his wife, five prostitutes and a "john" were present. florida man was the only one arrested.
florida man robs a subway restaurant after being upset at cookie prices
florida man robs subway restaurant after being upset at cookie prices
florida man denied right to marry his porn-filled macbook
florida man dares deputy to take him to jail
florida man gets in fight over argument about feeding ducks with...you guessed it: florida man.
second case of mers in u.s. is florida man, who worked at saudi hospital
florida man and florida woman threatened with jail for feeding homeless
florida man drives down interstate 95 whilst masturbating naked.
florida man threatens to blow up the court house because he's "been under alot of stress"
florida man robs a corner shop, then ends up putting 2 bullets in his foot.
florida man taylor harrison: bragged about selling drugs on facebook
florida man bragged about selling drugs on facebook
florida man posts drug dealing selfie online, gets arrested
good picture of florida man &amp; florida woman (ex post from r/wtf)
florida man wants to open town council meeting with satanist prayer
florida man chases girlfriend with a sword
florida man libertarian candidate for governor arrested for driving without a license
florida man, if your missing a coffin full of weapons, the volusia county sheriff's office would like to talk with you
florida man, if you're missing a coffin full of weapons, the volusia county sheriff's office would like to talk with you
florida man shot in buttocks at daytona beach gas station
77 year old florida man with walker robs pnc bank
florida man posts photo of dead wife on facebook 'to notify family'
florida man catches 12-foot hammerhead shark, delivers pups via c-section
florida man gives deputies a taco for id while drunk in a taco bell drive through with his engine on fire.
florida man takes selfies of himself dealing drugs near police cars, posts pics to facebook.
florida man does it again. cons underage girls on facebook to send nude photos to him.
77-year-old florida man with walker accused of bank robbery
florida man thinks he understands climate change better than scientists
77-year-old florida man tries to flee bank robbery with walker, gets tasered
42-year-old florida man gets drunk, destroys mom's home with baseball bat: mom
drunken, high and naked florida man crashed with half-nude wife on lap, killing her: police
florida man driving drunk and stoned while having sex with wife crashes into canal, killing wife
florida (wo)man has neighbors home demolished because she didn't like them
florida man kills wife, children, and self
florida man accused of stealing $400 cookie cash from girl scouts
florida man kills family, sets fire to former tennis star james blakes' home
florida man killed wife and kids, then self
florida man starts brush fire because he was afraid alligators were going to attack him
florida man: police shooting frenzy raises concerns
florida man kills family, sets home full of fireworks ablaze, then kills self
florida man has three children with his step daughter, murders her in front of their children
florida man killed wife and kids, then self in ex-tennis star's mansion
florida man running for congress is secretly vampire (start at 1:17)
florida man and florida woman fighting over who is the biggest ho
florida man traps naked girl in shed and sprays her with a water hose.
florida man killed wife, parrot because they talked too much
florida man was half-naked and speeding in crash that killed wife, police say
florida man charged with throwing urine at code inspector
florida man commits arson/suicide by setting his mansion on fire. family of 4 killed
another florida man accused of fondling himself while driving
florida man and florida woman drive into canal, while she is half naked and on top of him
florida man half-naked and speeding while drunk and stoned with his half-naked florida woman on his lap when the car he was driving launched over a canal, crashing into the far side.
florida man dies in a fire
14 adrenaline-filled minutes of florida man on video from a police helicopter. just a typical day for our hero: bank robbery / car chase / shootout
florida man and florida woman get cited for feeding the homeless
florida man masturbates in front of children
florida man wants to open city council meeting with a prayer to satan
florida man, vacation voyeur, has "an addiction"
florida man mastrubates in front of teenage girl because "he thought she was a prostitute"
florida man had to be shot with stun gun 5 times before he could be arrested
florida man falls from billboard near orlando
florida man may get sued over an amazon review
florida man tries to have sex with beer can, ends up in hospital.
florida man goes back to death row. for the third time. for a 1981 triple murder.
florida man attempted to escape alleged boynton beach bank robbery with walker
florida man shooting frenzy raises concerns
florida man rigged up rental home with secret cameras, then video taped renters having sex, changing clothes, showering
florida man cop accused of breaking into city hall to use cleaner john, police station's bathrrom was too "nasty"
florida man a former employee, confessed to robbing the forever 21 store while wearing a werewolf mask
florida man is surprised to find parts to military drone shipped to him by ups.
florida man wants to marry his laptop
florida man records himself running into back of cars, posts to youtube
florida man makes facebook page to catalog all of the ridiculous things people do
scuffle between florida mandrag queen and florida man in klan outfit leads to legal drama
florida man represents his city in music video
florida man seeks to wed his apple computer
florida man drives like an idiot, causes several accidents, and uploads video to youtube
florida man still infected with worms after 7 re-installs (he's also an it major)
florida man films himself crashing into cars, and posts it on youtube
florida man accidentally shoots self at gun range
florida man demands 'right' to marry his porn-filled computer
florida man wants to marry 'porn-filled' computer
florida man wants to marry 'porn-filled' computer
florida man fired for unauthorized bathroom use
florida man makes bid to marry his 'porn-filled apple computer'
florida man says he wants to "marry my porn-filled apple computer" in federal gay marriage case
florida man jailed for pouring hot sauce on girlfriend's puppy
florida man with buttocks exposed says he's 'too (expletive deleted) for this'
florida man, fake dentist gave a woman with a toothache a shot in the buttocks   and then gave the wound a kiss.
florida man accused of defecating in yard, blames medication
florida man as captain america sends pics of his penis to a teen.
i went to highschool with this florida man!
florida man fights to marry his porn-filled laptop
florida man barricades himself in "hud pud." pasco deputies ride on outside of $250,000 armored vehicle to take him down
third-grade florida man accused of passing out pills in school
florida man tries to legally marry porn-filled computer to protest ban on gay marriage
captain florida man arrested for sending picture of his penis to teen girl
florida man wants to marry his "porn filled apple computer"
florida man plays a mating call from a recorder to trap 4 gators in a school
florida man gets into fight with girlfriend, bystanders and the cops, slashes own neck
florida man, captain america, arrested for sending pictures of his genitals to underage girl
this miami rapper is definitely a florida man...
florida man kicks florida kid off bus for having seizure
florida man facing $48,000 fine for operating cell phone jammer in his car
florida man raped, strangled woman, and then 'wanted to talk about their relationship'
florida man rapes girl while being a cop
florida man airline pilot spots ufo at springsteen concert
florida man accused of causing, filming two crashes arrested
florida man steals girl scouts' cookie money
florida man sets dog on fire
florida man dressed as ninja rob's millionaire and companion in florida mansion
i was told you guys would appreciate this. guess the race of the florida man.
florida man video "me driving like an idiot."
florida man charged with failure to release an undersized food fish, meth possession
florida man pulls down pants and smacks girl with penis
florida man breaks into house to use bathroom
florida man sentenced to one year in jail for pouring hot sauce on his girlfriend's dog
florida man gets year in jail for pouring hot sauce on girlfriend s puppy
florida man sentenced for dousing puppy with hot sauce
son of florida man wanted to show loaded gun to classmates, seminole deputies say
florida man, captain america theme-park actor arrested for sending nude photos to girl, 16
florida man forced to give up backyard pet alligators
florida man and florida woman accused of leaving cocaine powder near baby formula and a gun atop a board game in a child's room
florida man becomes 'human chair' to aid elderly woman
florida man veteran makes wrong turn in san diego, ends up shackled in mexican prison on gun charges
defecating, masturbating naked carnie florida man attacks fort myers home
florida man-child with loaded gun stopped on bus to geneva elementary school
florida man is a drunk narcoleptic tree cutter.
florida man posed as florida girl on facebook to get girls to send him naked pics
florida man sentenced to one year in jail for dousing puppy with hot sauce.
florida man films himself driving recklessly, fleeing two crashes, then crashing again
florida man had sex with two underage girls several times.
florida man drove around with a cellphone jammer for two years before being caught
florida man caught in a disgusting act of abuse with his roommate's dog
florida man, megachurch pastor committed adultery, viewed porn
florida man and other florida man stole, tried to sell wal-mart truck with $376,000 in nestle products
florida man thanks god after pew saves his life when car crashes into church
florida man invents ingenious flood-proof bicycle
squirrel goes nuts on florida man taking 'selfie'
fedora-wearing ninjas rob florida man
florida man ejects special needs student having diabetic seizure from school bus
florida man arrested for cell phone jamming
florida man goes out with florida woman, steals her car during the movie (story in comments)
from the vaults: florida man with friends defuse hostage situation with bullets. florida man and co. are cops.
florida man becomes angry when florida woman won't have sex with him, breaks door in half
florida man gets assaulted by ninjas
florida man arrested for dragging woman with truck
florida man, heisman-winning quarterback jameis winston, arrested for shoplifting crab legs at publix.
florida man uses iphone to film arrest -- and gets arrested
florida man tries to buy a new bentley with a fake cashier's check
florida man robs convenient store where he was fired
incumbent florida man continues to lag behind challenger in florida governor's race
florida man repeatedly dials 9-1-1 about gun-toting man; describes himself
florida man wants to add "an act relating to the zombie apocalypse" to the florida constitution. florida man is a florida state senator.
florida man runs people over, turns out to be iceland man
florida man 3: son of florida man
florida man caught using cell phone jamming device
florida man in road rage rear-ends wrestling coach, tackles him to the ground, pulls gun on him and threatens to kill him. gets community service, because florida man is also a cop.
florida man caught jamming other car's cellphones during commute
florida woman let her florida man boyfriend take nude photos of her 12 year old "playboy model" relative
florida man molests underage girlfriend while she is medicated and in hospital intensive care unit (x-post r/news)
good news florida man fans! they say the heat brings out the crazy. it's already starting to get pretty hot here in the sunshine state...
florida man likes meth. mugshots.
florida man accused of throwing bucket of urine on building inspector during investigation
florida man who installed cell phone jammer in his car faces a possible $48,000 fine by the fcc.
florida man fined $48,000 for operating cell phone jammer during his daily commute
florida man kicks his 6 year old son down a halfpipe
florida man and woman claim $207m lotto prize
florida man set dog on fire
florida man shot to death doing laundry
naked florida man carrying a bible detained by police
florida man in a werewolf mask robs a circle k in st. petersburg (video)
florida man kicks his son down a skateboard ramp
florida man fires ak-47 at cops investigating traffic accident near his house
florida man jailed after allegedly stealing 58 cent doughnut from walmart store
florida man throws a bucket of urine on code inspector looking into a rental scam. who keeps a bucket of urine lying around? this guy.
florida man takes a casual ride down i-75
florida man caught on tape kicking son down skateboard ramp
florida man, police officer intimidates subordinate into taking police class for him
florida man kicks his 6 year old down a large skate ramp
florida man accidentally shoots twelve-year old girl, self in thigh
florida man kicks son down a large halfpipe to teach him a lesson.
florida man drives naked, masturbates in an attempt to entice trucker
florida man attempting to rob bank leaves behind job application form with username, password
florida man pretends to be dea agent to gain respect of orlando's nightclub scene, goes to jail instead.
florida man masturbated behind the wheel, harassed trucker: police
florida man jumps from bridge, hits boat on way down
florida man attacks disabled man
florida man receives eviction notice, sets home on fire in response, shoots at firefighters trying to put out flames (autoplay)
florida man pushes disabled man out of wheelchair and beats him for not sharing beer.
florida man banned from skate park after kicking son.
florida man detained by police while naked on street, carrying bible
florida man attempts to rob bank with demand note written on the back of his job application form
florida man delivers baby on the side of interstate 595 in fort lauderdale
pantsless florida man busted after mooching ambulance ride
florida man, resident of niceville, spends day brawling with brother
florida man says he 'tore (his son's) butt up'
florida man fights neighbors with machete after smoking crack with them
florida man was arrested wednesday
florida man, florida woman, and all the other dumb florida news, in facebook form.
florida man kicks skateboarding child down ramp
florida man rolls jet into retention pond
update: florida man squatting at soldier's home vacates after bikers plan to "peacefully make them uncomfortable"
florida man flees failed hold up; leaves job application with contact info, online username, password
leather loving florida man pinches, solicits and exposes himself to undercover deputy
florida man wearing wolfman mask robs convenience store
florida man loses $80,000 because of his daughter's facebook post.
florida man keeps his pet gators in the backyard.
florida man wants to shoot the sheriff and judge, son abuses pregnant girlfriend
florida man steals $80 million worth of pharmaceuticals
florida man stabs teen over a facebook post
florida man hits bicyclist, drives 2 miles, and dumps injured man alive in woods. man dies later in hospital.
florida man tries to entice semi-truck driver with naked driving, masturbation
florida man strangles mom, says it was at her request
florida man arrested for cruising down i-95 while masturbating
florida man claims mom asked him to kill her
florida man shot, robbed by woman he took on "romantic date" to burger king
drunk florida man tries to use taco as i.d.
florida man accused of killing son over xbox game
florida man was set up during online date, beaten, robbed, and shot.
florida man spotted in australia
florida man catches 800-pound shark, fries it up
florida man sucker-punched in garage over suspected bad grade
forever 21 robbed by werewolf by florida man, of course
florida man ryan holle is currently serving his 11th year of a life sentence, even with no prior criminal record
florida man hit with a bat bonus it's on video
florida man occupies soldier's home, defies owner to kick him out
florida man accused of exposing himself to victoria's secret employee, spitting on clothes
florida man exposes himself to female jogger
florida man occupies soldier's home and refuses to leave
florida man catches a 11-foot, 805-pound shortfin mako shark, hauls it in the back of his truck
the legend of "pervert dave," florida man, who killed two people, continues to grow
florida man saved by church pew when car hits church.
florida man lands 800 pound shark, serves it at a bbq
all in a days work for a florida man
florida man stages fake burglary to get out of going to work
drunk florida representative arrested in taco bell parking lot at 2am. florida man, represent!
florida man robs body from grave, preserves it, and lives with it
florida man kills newlywed wife for $1m.
wanted florida man upset because his arrest spoiled easter for his kids
florida man convicted of murdering newlywed wife for $1m life insurance policy
pantless florida man bums ride with ambulance
florida man breaks into home so he can take a nap
florida man pulls huge hammerhead onshore
pantsless florida man hitches ride on the back of ambulance.
florida man gets 120 days in broward jail for swearing at the judge. don't disrespect the judge dude!
florida man decides to mark easter by getting himself crucified in a public park in front of passing traffic.
florida man smothers son over xbox game
florida man celebrates successful bicycle theft by toking up and taking a nap in the bean bag chairs at walmart
florida man kills an endangered mako shark but doesn't let the meat "go to waste".
florida man (and florida woman) sentenced to prison time for 'shefights.net' fetish beating videos
record-setting mako shark caught by florida man and photographed at gas station
florida man catches 800-pound shark, throws in the back of his truck
florida man bought, resold limited-edition sneakers stolen from nike, court documents say
florida man bought, resold limited-edition sneakers stolen from nike, court documents say
florida man punches bar patron in face over argument about the bundy ranch.
crazy  crack head  florida woman who threw pasta and beat up man arrested
florida man chokes 16 month son to play video games
florida man accidentally shoots himself in buttocks
florida man school bus driver beaten by parents
florida man threatens walgreen's customers, demands beer at pep boys, then exposes himself to officer while requesting sex act
florida man ends up in jail after stealing 58 cent donut from wal-mart
florida man choreographs and videotapes beatings of homeless
florida man smothered crying toddler so he could play video games
florida man arrested for groping at walmart; told cops "her booty just looked so good. i couldn't resist touching it."
florida man gives meth to stranger asking for cigarette
florida man injured 21 when car crashes into fort myers church.
florida man poses as attorney
florida man ate wendy's while exposing genitals in front of walgreens
florida man approached by cops while masturbating on boat ramp; tells them to 'suck it , drools, keeps masturbating (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man crashes car into hookah lounge after getting kicked out
florida man charged with murdering his son so he can play video games
florida man steals locomotive and goes to his local bar
florida man: 'city pimp' accused of exposing genitals to wendy's customers
florida man aka "city pimp" eats wendy's while exposing his genitals to walgreen's customers
florida man smothered crying son to play video games
florida man charged with murdering son so he could play video games
florida man allegedly smothered crying son to play video games
florida man charged with suffocating son so he could keep playing xbox
florida man smothers infant son so he can continue playing video games
florida man goes bonkers driving daughter to school: 1 punched, 1 hit with car, 1 driven over
florida man named "edward cocaine" busted for xanax possession
florida man smothered his crying toddler so he could play xbox games, watch tv deputies say
florida man emanuel llama accused of forcing girl to have sex, watch porno movies
palm city florida man attempts to burglarize home, receives beating instead
florida man, 'city pimp' accused of exposing genitals to customers
florida man gets life in prison for setting his wife on fire.
florida man smothers son over xbox game: authorities
florida man arrested while eating wendy's with pants down
florida man purchased shoes stolen from nike campus, sold them for thousands
florida man sought after entering home, molesting 14-year-old girl.
knife-wielding florida man attacks driver on interstate
florida man's son gets stabbed to death by florida man for bringing up the time he saved his mom from being stabbed to death by florida man
florida woman on crack delivers baby in motel, cuts umbilical cord with her teeth. florida man on way to help deliver baby arrested for attempted murder.
florida man police officer tortures and kills prostitute
florida man, sex offender gets the chance to do it again
florida man testifies to congress about stealing identities, continues to do the same crime.
elusive florida man escapes prison, fakes his death, gets captured after becoming trapped in a garbage chute
florida man smothered crying toddler so he could play xbox, deputies say | news
florida man software pirate agrees to work undercover for the feds
florida man accused of burglarizing business he follows on instagram
drunk florida man offers to buy pregnant woman a drink, assaults her when she says no
florida [wo]man on crack gives birth in motel, bites off umbilical cord
florida man carjacked and kidnapped after passing out in his car with keys in ignition
florida man kicked off team for being hiv positive
florida man smothers 1-year-old son so he can have time to play video games.
florida man kills his 1-year-old son to play video games
florida man came to my hometown in pa, got drunk and drove a golf cart into a woman at a church's annual fair.
florida man "pervert dave" cummings passed away
florida man suffocated his young, crying son so he could play video games
florida man kills crying infant so he could continue playing on xbox
florida man visits seminole state college
florida man runs over drunk girlfriend in parking lot
florida man and friends decide to get high on the roof of an elementary school while watching the blood moon lunar eclipse...then accidentally pocket dial 911
a yawning florida man tells judge he couldn't care less about the long list of charges laid against him
florida man-lunar eclipse april 15th 2014 raw footage
florida man yawns at arraignment, held without bond
florida man edward cocaine charged with drug possession (w/ video)
florida man sets dog on fire
florida man with "inhuman strength" goes on violent rampage in palm beach supermarket
florida man accused of groping waitress; tells cop he'll paint and pressure wash his house if he lets him go
florida man claims he's canadian mountie; threatens to arrest people despite being drunk, outside of jurisdiction
florida man arrested for touching beach patrol officer
florida man bullies school age bullies
florida man owner of burned dog arrested
florida man drinks $80 worth of j germeister shots, sets fire to bar
florida man caught on video being taken down by a customer during a pharmacy robbery
florida man calls for atheist attorney after mistaking his roommate for jesus and attacking him with a butter knife.
florida man arrested for assault after argument about toilet paper
florida man breaks into woman's home, takes shower and steals her lunch meat
florida man vows to blow up tax collector's office over auto tag flap
florida man mistakes his roommate for jesus and attacks him with a butter knife. he is now demanding an atheist defense attorney.
how dumb can you be.....florida man gets arrested twice in the same online child sex sting
florida man comes to courthouse in stolen car
florida man shoplifts, drowns while fleeing from cops
police arrest florida man with 'inhuman' strength who went on a violent rampage through a grocery store
florida man caught who tried to grab teen walking home
florida man with 3 prior duis pulled over by cop for drunk driving, cop lets him off the hook if he takes cab home, i think all of us here at /r/floridaman can write the ending to this story
florida man sleeps in dumpster, gets discarded with trash.
florida man: unique panhandler makes tampa intersection center ring with funny signs
florida man angry about burger king order arrested for impersonating a cop
florida man beats dog with sawed-off shotgun, holds its head under water
florida man sets policy to prevent pooping at polling places
nhl player / florida man crashes car, arrested for dui, cocaine posession
florida man charged with firing shotgun multiple times at police helicopter
florida man finds stolen truck. 180000 eggs still missing
florida man promised driver licenses for illegal immigrants, stole their money
florida man sentenced to life for raping 5 y.o. and 8 y.o. suburban atlanta girls.
florida man uses medieval weapon
florida man gets life in prison for loaning his car to his roommate
florida man arrested for attacking a dancer in a nightclub after the two exchanged words about her dancing abilities
florida man convicted of 13th dui after being charged with 14th dui
florida man loses vintage corvette in sinkhole
florida man observing alligator bit by snake...
florida man gets out of car trying to observe alligator, gets bit by water moccasin.
i'm from florida, so i'm curious. why is it people are making fun of us? i know there have been weird stories reported from around our state, but why have florida man. i'm sure every state has weird stories.
florida man, when arrested for public sex: "why can't you be cool?"
florida man watching alligator bitten by snake off alligator alley
florida man brought gun, shovel and duct tape while meeting 14-year-old for sex
florida man bit by poisonous snake while stopped to look at alligator.
florida man bitten by poisonous snake while trying to better see alligator
florida man can't pay for airport parking, has to wait three days for his social security deposit before driving his truck home.
florida man makes wheelchair for disabled pig :)
good guy florida man builds wheelchair for disabled pig :d
living florida man wants to be cremated, stored in mayo jars
florida man arrested for sex with girl, 14, had gun, shovel and duct tape in car: davie police
florida man arrested for allegedly beating his dog with a sawed-off shotgun
apparently florida man likes to smoke raid with his weed.
florida man breaks into house and meets entire family with guns loaded
peeping tom florida man gets caught, beat up
palm beach county fire rescue bariatric unit called to save fallen florida man.
florida man house bill would allow carrying guns without a permit during riots
lieutenant florida man charged in scheme to distribute cocaine in new jersey
florida man crashes car into daycare, killing at least one child and injuring others.
florida man accused of causing a car to crash into a florida day care, killing a 4-year-old girl and injuring 14 others is in custody.
crews help obese florida man who was stuck in home after falling
a florida (wo)man, 34-year-old grandmother, was arrested after police say she left her four kids and a grandchild at homewhile she went to the casino. police entered and found a feces stained house with no food.
florida man breaks into office, eats doritos, takes a dump and clogs the toilet.
florida man killed when he breaks in on winter haven, fl family - (x-post from /r/justiceporn)
drunken florida man cop gets dui after ramming shopping cart containing two young children
bathroom break fight between florida man and transgender woman ends with golf club assault
florida man mistakes corpse for april fool's prank and dumps it in the trash
florida man burns down apartment trying to kill bugs
florida man or woman (gender unknown) rear-ends another, forcing it into a daycare center injuring 11 children.
grand jury declines to indict ex-flagler beach florida man cop bobby macdonald over wife s gunshot wound
at least 15 injured as florida man crashes into day care
florida man kills child in hit-and-run car crash at a daycare
florida boy, son of florida man, steals car to skip school
florida man requests atheist judge after attacking man who resembled jesus
atheist florida man attacks roommate, thinking he is jesus, with a butter knife
police: hialeah official, florida man stashed meth pipe in his rectum
florida man who raped a 70 year old woman in a tampa church sentenced
update: florida man who placed dead body in trash on april fools day, would like his job back.
florida man arrested after defecating in yard, blames medication
florida man 'keith haring s ghost' arrested in jacksonville
florida man invades home, ignores warning shot, is shot by entire family (video)
florida man burns down his apartment to kill the bugs
florida man mistakes body for mannequin
florida man eats own face, goes on epic crime spree
florida man treats ptsd by joining nudist colony.
florida man sets fire to own apartment to kill bugs
florida man moving forward with 'cannabis university of florida'
florida man armed with medieval flail chases man through parking lot
florida man demands atheist lawyer after alleged attack on roommate he says looks like jesus
florida man internal affairs police lieutenant in murder for hire
florida man caught in the back seat of car with 14-year-old, admits to multiple sexual encounters
this is a florida man behind the wheel.
irate florida man hits deputy in the face with brass knuckles
florida man breaks into house, gets shot by mom, dad and son.
florida man started fire to burn bugs in 'deplorable' apartment, report states
florida man: boy 'a little upset' after leg severed by train
florida man dies in plane crash during zombie film shoot
florida man goes to church
florida man throws small rescue dog to the ground breaking it's leg.
florida man sets apartment ablaze in failed attempt to kill 'deplorable' bugs
florida man breaks into family home and is shot to death when the family shoots him...nra calls it a good day.
florida man uses 2 year old son as human shield
florida man uses 2 year old son as human shield
florida man prohibited from entering library by gang of violent hawks
citrus florida man arrested for killing mother
florida man crashes through ceiling of roxy night club
florida man sets his dog on fire, then asks for her back
florida man beats up thieves.
florida man loses basketball game.
florida man, who regularly pretends to be a cop, arrested when pulling over a sheriff's deputy
police forced to break driver's window after florida man passes out drunk with half eaten burrito in his hand at stop light
florida man arrested for staging burglary to skip work
florida man tries to shoot his way out
florida man fired after mistaking corpse for mannequin
florida man receives scholarship for helping rescue three children (whose mother drove them in a van to the sea)
florida man fired after mistaking corpse for mannequin
sneaky florida man secretly films guys urinating, posts videos to pornhub
pensacola cops using new tactic to catch the florida man
florida man mistakes suicide jumper's corpse for april fool's gag
feds arrest florida man &amp; 24 others; charged with id theft, tax fraud
florida man hits and breaks a light pole, bounces off guardrail, crosses the median, recovers and takes the next right. "i only had two beers."
update: florida man who mistook corpse for april fools joke fired
florida man wants his cremated remains in a mayonnaise jar
famous florida man rapes woman, friends are charged instead.
florida woman services florida man, then, kills him for stiffing her on the bill
florida man state under investigation by feds
florida man charged with attempting to burn, kill lesbian couple and their eight kids
florida man who attacked parents with hammer looks exactly like the kind of person that would attack his parents with a hammer
pantsless florida man tackles volusia deputy
florida man wearing spider-man mask robs subway
florida man arrested trafficking pills after traffic stop for speeding and illegally changing lanes while not wearing a seatbelt.
florida man finds hidden cameras in fmb rental home
florida man tries to shoot puppy, puppy shoots him instead
florida man police officer accused of posing as girl on facebook to get sex photos of boys
florida man stages robbery to avoid going to work
florida man busted for hurling beer cans at ex's house
florida man fakes home burglary to avoid going to work
florida man hates his lesbian neighbors, tries to burn their trailer down
florida man shot by off-duty deputy after getting caught having sex by pool
hawks attack florida man outside library
twelve news headlines so crazy they could have only be about florida man
florida man &amp; florida woman arrested for "millionare" welfare fraud
florida man in 'dream killer' t-shirt fatally stabbed homeless man, cops say
florida man runs for congress, embraces his cosplay/rape fantasy past
florida man tries to shoot puppy, puppy shoots florida man
florida man sought after robbing woman in his house, fleeing the scene
florida man gets shot by deputy after being caught having sex in public pool
florida man faked burglary to avoid work
florida man and family arrested after neighborhood brawl. one florida man bit by dog and it's owner.
florida man arrested for hanging dog in tree.
florida man found asleep at wheel with burrito in hand, sleeps through cops breaking his window
florida man "looking for floozies" during late night mcdonald's arrest
florida man arrested for threatening birthday party guests with hammer
florida man punches woman in face during mcdonald's drive thru road rage incident
florida man repeatedly leaves multiple firearms unsecured in house. arrested when three year old daughter shoots self in head.
five april fool's pranks you should not try with florida man!
authorities search for florida man and wife who lived lavish lifestyle on food stamps
florida man goes drinking and driving with his underage daughters
florida man robs elderly person at laundromat, gets caught spending change on camera
florida man stops and pays toll while leading police on high speed chase
florida man unleashes road rage, universe responds appropriately
florida man does worst valet parking job ever, ends with car sinking into the ocean
florida man tells police  i have a depressing life and i want to get high  while simultaneously eating bag of weed
werewolf masked florida man robs forever 21 store in orlando.
florida man from instant karma viral video found and arrested
florida man gets taco bell tv ad because of famous name
florida man arrested for beating puppies to death with a shovel
florida man found asleep at the wheel with a burrito in his hand
florida man gets taco bell tv ad because his name is ronald mcdonald
off-duty deputy shoots florida man after confrontation over having sex in community pool
florida man rescues drowning 1,000 lbs bull by holding its head above water for 45 minutes
florida man, mayor of speed trap town, gets arrested for selling drugs
florida man sexually abused toddler, infant
florida man pleads guilty to poaching sea turtle eggs
tutu-wearing unicorn photobombs florida man reporter during live shot
florida man and woman angry that cruise ship slowed to rescue 42 stranded people
florida man causes mayhem at car dealership over $300 car deposit
florida man caught at gas station staring at woman while masturbating
florida man caught staring at woman at gas station while masturbating
florida man family fight at car dealership
florida man with road rage gets dose of instant karma
florida man is too busy raging to keep it on the road
florida man threatens to cast voodoo spell on cops
florida man arrested after trying to steal a plane.
spat over sex services leads to stabbing of florida man
08:46 am florida man threatens teen with gun after finding him in stepdaughter's closet, makes her do squats as punishment
interacted with florida man at work last night.
florida man gives fellow driver the middle finger, gets instant dose of karma
a florida man gets taste of instant karma
florida-cop not disciplined after shooting family dog in front of 2-year-old. (this is why florida-man is still out there!)
florida man murders homeless man
florida man nearly hauled away in a garbage can.
florida man serving life in prison for loaning car to friend and falling asleep
florida man may take over westboro baptist church
florida man flicks off woman while driving, receives instant karma (x-post r/videos)
florida man running from police asks undercover cop for a ride, gets arrested
florida man breaks into bar, steals $800, makes himself a drink, lights up a cigar, gets arrested
officer florida man uses daughter's facebook account to get boys to send him sexy pictures.
westboro baptist church might be taken over by florida man
cox n' crendor: florida man 1 year anniversary
florida man uses stun gun on teen drinking on the beach
best of craigslist: sorry for running naked thru the neighborhood "says florida man"
search for florida man continues after florida police detain, let him go
florida man retires from catching babies
florida man flips off another driver, gets instant karma
florida man receives instant karma on video
florida man arrested after milk shake assault [x-post from r/annamariaisland]
400 lbs florida man cop charged with posing as teenage girl on facebook to solicit nude photos of teenage boys
florida man threatened to poison j&amp;j products unless it forked over cash
400-pound florida man accused of posing as teen girl to solicit boys on facebook
florida man uses marijuana as alternative fuel
florida man: i slapped my daughter  to get the point across  after pulling a gun on teen boy
florida man arrested after family catches him with little girls underwear
florida man and florida woman kill cop then kill themselves
state senator (florida man) moves to restrict media access to "stand your ground" law case records...
florida man still breast feeding at 40.
florida man caught naked in bathroom by 6 year old girl.
florida man points gun at teen he finds in stepdaughter's closet, then makes her do squats
florida man jailed for throwing dish &amp; knife at other guy
florida man in kayak towed for hours by 11-foot shark
florida man gets trapped in bathroom during failed panty raid
amputee florida man curses at cops, gets tased twice
florida man with $100k, steroids in truck arrested
florida man arrested after sex in walgreens bathroom scared 6-year-old girl
florida man trapped in bathroom while trying to steal girl's underwear
florida man threw molotov cocktail into ex-girlfriend's home
florida man, christopher mahurin, arrested after child sees him buck-naked in a walgreen s women s bathroom
florida man (daytona beach city commissioner) accused of soliciting stripper
florida man catches 11ft hammerhead from kayak, gets the ride of his life
florida man enraged after vomiting on cell phone goes on machete-wielding rampage
florida man sets off military style explosive in another man's car
florida man and florida woman caught having sex in walgreen's bathroom
80 year old florida man sets up tryst with prostitute "amy", ends up getting robbed by "frank" instead
florida man blows up co-worker's vehicle while at work
florida man in jail after 6 year old sees him naked in walgreens
florida man sets fire in bar to avoid paying tab
florida man beats up woman with a vacuum
i am an intern for a radio station. today i handed them a florida man story and to my delight they read it on air. here is the audio.
naked florida man scares girl, 6, after having sex in walgreens bathroom
florida man is suing cop for seizing his iphone
florida man beats 87-year-old father to death with sledgehammer in fight over vacuum cleaner
florida man uses marijuana as alternative fuel
florida man convicted of illegal bird possession - nbc 6 south florida
florida man discovers skeletal human remains while picking up trash on the ... - uproxx
florida man guilty of piracy
naked florida man discovered in women's stall of walgreens bathroom
florida man gets a "dui" or should i say a bui? (biking under the influence).
florida man rapes puppy on front porch.
florida man shot by police after he pulls rifle on woman making fun of his penis size
florida man arrested after barricading ones self in personal camper proceeds to attempt suicide
florida man indicted on fbi federal charges after selling bootleg car electronics
shooting of florida man being questioned in boston marathon bombing was justified
florida man accused of hitting cars in jail parking lot with golf club
florida man avoids jail time after eating anonymous tip in court
florida man drops id at scene of crime, proceeds to brag about said crime on facebook
florida man finds skeletal remains
florida man was picking up trash along the highway when a human skull rolled out.
florida man arrested for trying to break into prison to turn himself in (found over at r/newsoftheweird)
florida man charged with 123 counts of video voyeurism
florida man, a tampa cfo accused of secretly taping female employees
73-year-old florida man crashes plane into lowe's home improvement store
florida man batters elderly woman over comments about his mama
florida man eats a tip rather than hand it over to defense lawyer
florida man receives ticket for running a red light with a car he doesn t own, and never drove, from a camera in a city he s never been to
florida man in drink and run
florida man creates santana snake
florida man drinks $80 worth of shots, sets trash can on fire and punches several people in the face while trying to leave bar
florida man and 13 others arrested in $2 million-dollar meth bust, consulted voodoo priest for business advice
florida man robs bank in elaborate painters outfit.
florida man arrested in murder for hire plot
florida man arrested for folding a woman into a couch.
florida man battles a sinkhole. sinkhole wins!
florida man builds meth lab on sailboat
florida man smears poop on teen's face
florida man, who killed parents then threw a party, gets life in prison
florida man picks up trash bag, human head rolls out
florida man and florida police man arrested for insurance fraud. destroy pleasure boat.
1 florida man police officer dead. another arrested after sexual assault allegations.
florida (wo)man torches a car over mcflurry
florida man arrested for throwing dog poop at pregnant girlfriend and punching her
florida man sues cop who arrested him for videotaping officers arresting another man
family of florida man killed by massive crane in palm beach seeking answers,
florida man, burglary suspect shows face to surveillance camera, drops id at the scene, and posts picture of stolen goods on facebook.
florida man sits on porch, rapes puppy
florida man loses 45 thousand dollar painting to brother in coin toss.
florida woman slaps man in publix parking lot for not turning fast enough
florida man caught by neighbors raping his dog in the yard
florida man to appear with duck dynasty man at some huge religious event.
florida man accused of swinging scythe at girlfriend's ex-husband
florida man accused of sexual attack on puppy
florida man pleads guilty to supporting terrorists overseas
florida man shoots ex and her boyfriend while 5-year-old boy was in the room
florida man accused of swinging scythe at girlfriend's ex-husband
florida man accused of swinging a scythe at girlfriend's ex-husband
florida man hits 87-year-old father with pipe, sledgehammer in fight over broken vacuum cleaner
concrete tossing mystery florida wo?man jailed
florida man eats evidence in court in defiance of judge's order.
neighbors catch second florida man raping his dog this month
florida man rips pink headband off 2-year-old boy, calls him a 'faggot'
florida man attacks girlfriend's ex-husband with grim reaper blade
florida man: the compilation
101 florida man stories
florida man/former police chief eats evidence to protect tip
florida man is not all for fun
florida man hacks boss to death in front of 20 terrified diners after his picture posted to facebook
florida man beat father with pipe, sledgehammer over argument about vacuum cleaner: deputies
florida man pleads guilty to attempting to join al qaeda group
florida man allegedly rapes puppy on front porch
florida man arrested after disputed lottery ticket leads to murder.
florida man meth ring arrested after voodoo priest gives bad advice
woman sets car on fire after florida man refused to buy her a mcflurry
florida man rigs up indoor marijuana farm, blows out electrical transformer causing power outage.. gets busted.
florida man threatens to throw hand grenade into neighbor's condo after they ignore his request to turn down music
florida man buys smokes without mom's approval
florida man takes a vacation, forgets loaded shotgun in rental car
florida man pees on women, exposes himself and runs away
florida man pees on women, exposes himself and runs away
florida man urinating on women strikes again
florida man arrested for raping 8 month old dog
florida man arrested for throwing dog poop at pregnant girlfriend
florida man arrested on fraud charges after stating he own facebook shares.
florida man raped 8-month-old dog on porch, daytona beach police allege
florida man threatens neighbour with hand grenade.
florida man arrested after brawl with university of florida football player ends in open fire
florida man arrested for pouring gasoline on fellow homeless camp members over spark plug dispute
knife-wielding florida man dressed as  rambo  shoots up bar with an uzi
florida man to receive medal of honor after year of prejudice
florida man threatens neighbor with hand grenade after loud music complaint
florida man charged over baby's broken bones
florida man dressed as rambo, with uzi
florida man arresting another florida man...
the urinating florida man strikes again.
florida man trying to turn himself in can't find jail entrance
three more women urinated on by florida man
florida man dressed like rambo charged with attempted murder
florida man facing two weeks in jail for eating anonymous tip
florida man dressed as rambo fires uzi in bar
florida man defenestrated in "armed disturbance"
florida man drowns trying to grab remote-controlled speedboat
florida man impersonates deputy to impress his girlfriend
florida man impersonates rambo and shoots up bar. being charges with attempted murder.
florida man influences the world
police say florida man tried to grab woman's crotch while being escorted out of mall
florida man accused of stealing $287 worth of feminine hygiene products, because why the hell not.
florida man, caught after escaping prison 37 years ago, complimented by his neighbors on his air conditioner repair skills.
florida man nearly hits a van and flies off the road, then steals said van when the driver pulled over to help.
florida man kills boss because he took a photo of him without permission.
florida man fatally stabs boss over photo taken without permission.
florida man mugshots
florida man doesn't want his picture online and will kill you for posting it.
florida man gets arrested for excessive farting during class
florida man on the run since 1977
florida man pees on lawn, shoots homeowner who asks him to stop
video] cross-dressing florida man hurls concrete at car after being denied ride.
florida man murders his boss because he took a photo of him without permission
florida man arrested for releasing balloons with florida woman.
florida man carjacking on video
florida man arrested for stealing panties.
florida man arrested for and charged with felony for poisoning teacher.
florida man first sends letters to publix demanding $5m extortion payout. when that doesn't work, he plants a homemade pipe-bomb behind the propane tank rack in one of their stores.
florida man hates obama, wants his pop-tarts back
florida man finally arrested after 37 years on the lam
florida man, and retired police captain, who murdered man in movie theater for texting, was also texting moments before shooting
florida man manufactures 'cowasaki' motorcycles out of animal bones
florida man arrested for taxidermy-ing together mutant animals from illegal/endangered species
intoxicated florida woman rear-ends and injures man, asks him if he's drunk too, suggests they flee before cops get there. he declines.
vampire-fanged florida man kept women as sex slaves in 'twilight express' truck, feds say
creepy florida man forced to resign from police force after revelations he trolled outside of gyms in his patrol car, asking women for their phone numbers
florida man gets arrested for grabbing butts at the mall
police: neighbors plea for florida man to stop having sex with pit bull
florida man shuts down nightclub closes after too many shootings
florida man arrested for speeding while 'on his way to kill his friend'
florida man says he's too obese to go to prison
70 year old florida man cuts off semi, gets rear ended, semi jackknifes and tips over causing massive interstate traffic jam.
florida man accused of shooting movie-goer for texting sent text moments before
florida man defends hanging noose, flying kkk flag on front lawn
florida man arrested for trying to rob a woman while impersonating a ups driver
florida man lied about bear attack; in reality got drunk, ran after bear, and tripped on speed bump
burglars run from naked florida man armed with shovel
one of us army's most wanted florida man in florida.
florida man accused of swiping $287 worth of feminine hygiene products
florida man arrested after telling cops he was on his way to kill his friend.
florida man says he's too morbidly obese to go to prison
florida man wearing dress and a wig threw concrete at cars
florida man tells cops he was speeding because he was 'on his way to kill his friend'
angry cross-dressing florida man attacks car with chunks of concrete (x-post r/nottheonion)
george zimmerman "florida man" - a personal message
florida man makes a central florida man website creating a florida man goldmine.
florida man who routinely tweets  obama is a p*ssy  upset at exclusion from obama event
florida man attempts to extort publix supermarkets with homemade bombs.
florida man headed to rehab on jetblue flight announces he's in the military and you can buy him drinks, gets drunk, disrupts flight, causes flight diversion
florida man chokes to death on cockroach legs
florida man in spider-man mask robs 7-eleven
florida wildlife photographer man pleads guilty to violating endangered species act
florida man pleads guilty to violating endangered species act while photographing wildlife
florida man, 22, strangled in mexico resort of cancun
florida man robs, carjacks girlfriend after she wins $800 at a lounge
florida man cuts off florida woman, sending her vehicle careening into a pond, where she later drowned.
florida man charged with hate crime in attack on teen he thought was gay
florida man accused of having an ar-15 and 60 rounds in car he drove to school
florida man accidently shoots 12-year-old girl, then accidently shoots himself. will not be charged.
florida man &amp; woman arrested for re-enacting hansel and grettle
florida man with giant tattoo spider on face wanted for kidnapping
florida man arrested for soliciting prostitute with 3-year-old son in the car
ballon boys father is now florida man (xpost videos)
speeding florida man told cops he was 'on his way to kill his friend' (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man and friends could get over a year in prison for 'cannonball' on manatees
florida man and florida woman's pawned camera provides evidence in homicide of jacksonville man
florida man charged with killing dog that walked on his property
ocala mom lured into garage by 13 y.o. daughter whose florida man boyfriend slashes her throat; takes her to hospital only after making her promise not to sue.
florida man cuffed for pit bull shag outrage   the register
florida man shoots grandson in the back for not wanting to get up for school
florida man walks into a metro store
florida man stopped from having sex with woman at rib cookout, tells deputies he is above the law
florida man stopped for speeding while  on his way to kill his friend 
florida man unknowingly feeds pregnant girlfriend and children lsd laced steak
florida man attacks business owner after being refused a cigarette
florida woman attacks mother, elderly man with flip flop
florida man arrested after jumping on endangered fish species
florida man crashes his plane into a skydiver (xpost wtf)
florida man wants free pancakes
florida man primarily known for shooting and killing a child signs autographs at a gun show
florida man with shooting range in backyard get swat visitors
florida man shoots unarmed teen,then signs autographs
florida man sighting
florida man can't paddle schoolkids anymore
florida man ignores repeated pleas from neighbours to stop having sex with his pit bull terrier
florida man in plane collides with skydiver - both survive.
florida man gets ran over by crane
florida man shoots cop, invokes stand your ground!
florida man arrested for attempted sex with pitbull
florida man accused of sex trafficking arrested in huntsville
florida man arrested after 'making out' with child at bus stop
florida man hopes to avoid getting gored in the ass while running from 2000 lb. bulls this weekend.
florida man stopped for dui was trying to "drive it off"
florida man mauled by rabid otter
warning: autoplay] florida man finds loophole in bestiality law, sets canine fellatio precedent.
florida man arrested for attempted sex with pit bull
florida man deemed 'serial urinator' at uf
florida man flies kkk flag, promises  we don t beat up on faggots or black people 
florida man invokes  stand your ground  after shooting sheriff s deputy
florida man steals girlfriend s wallet, eats the cash on the way to jail
florida man and family hospitalized after eating lsd-laced steak
florida man uses state gun law to open backyard firing range
florida man kills adopted dog because she 'looked at him funny
florida man shoots grandson who refused to get out of bed for school
florida man outdoes themselves this time. entire town government in trouble.
florida man attacks dog with pickaxe because dog "looked at him funny"
florida man throws toaster at wife after she refused to have sex.
florida man threw toaster at wife after she refused sex
florida man draws crowd of neighbors by having sex with his pitbull.
florida man sought by police for urinating on people near university of florida
florida man sought for urinating on people near florida campus
florida man has sex with pit bull in his yard as neighbors beg him to stop"
florida man killed while on spring break in cancun
florida man wanted for urinating on people near campus
florida man accused of performing sex act with pit bull in yardbay news, weather, sports, things to do
florida man urinated on strangers near uf campus, gpd says
florida man decides to have sex with daughter
florida man suspended from work for putting dolphin in his home swimming pool.
florida man caves to wife's demands, and removes kkk flag, noose from lawn
drunken florida man arrested for stealing girlfriends cash, and eating it
florida man builds a backyard gun range in a residential neighborhood; the mayor finds he's powerless to do anything about it (xpost from r/news)
florida man and his buddy, who posted video of themselves 'canonballing' manatees face up to a year in jail after they pleaded guilty to luring and jumping on the endangered animals
florida man squirts friend with buttwater.
police seek florida man reportedly urinating on people
florida man upset that professional baseball team can't beat a bunch of minor leaguers
police say florida man had sex with pit bull as neighbors begged him to stop
florida man stopped for a dui while driving to a bar told officers he was  trying to drive it off 
florida man has sex with his dog while neighbors watch in shock.
florida man arrested after neighbors catch him having sex with pit bull in backyard.
florida man has sex with pit bull while neighbors watch; displays the same look in his mugshot that the dog probably made
florida man is in jail for sex with pit bulls.
florida man accused of sex with pit bull
saggy pants trip up escape attempt by handcuffed florida man
florida man charged for having sex with pitbull
florida man flies kkk flag in boca raton.
florida man takes on police armed with plastic guns, with obvious results.
florida man shot by deputies after stabbing cat, charging at them with large butcher knife.
florida man throws toaster at wife's head because she didn't want to have sex
florida man aborts flight after plane strikes fish on takeoff
florida man runs marathon backward, while juggling
florida man flies kkk flag outside trailer along with sign on front door that says 'members wanted'
florida man shoots 12 year old, then himself, entirely by accident.
florida homeless man calls police on family having a picnic. family is escorted away because florida town passed anti-homeless ordinance prohibiting lying down in parks (x-post /r/justiceporn)
florida town passes anti-homeless ordinance prohibiting lying down in parks. homeless florida man calls police on family having a picnic. family is escorted away.
florida homeless man calls police on florida man and his family having a picnic. family is escorted away because florida town passed anti-homeless ordinance prohibiting lying down in parks (x-post /r/justiceporn)
florida man causes controversy with kkk flag in front yard
florida man hangs kkk flag outside trailer home - cbs news
florida man cop tries to sweet-talk his way out of a dui, then falls asleep in his own vomit.
florida man urinating on people near uf campus
police in florida looking for man who's urinating on people : news
floridaman at it again: police in florida looking for man who's urinating on people
florida man stabs cat and sets himself aflame. gunned down by deputies.
florida man who'd been drinking decides to 'drive it off', police say
florida man decides to 'drive it off' after drinking too much
drunk florida man decides to sober up by driving it off
florida man accidentally shoots 12-year-old, subsequently accidently shoots himself
florida man tells wife he's drunk, decides to 'drive it off'
florida man accused of stealing 17 publix baskets
florida man stopped for dui, says he was trying to "drive it off"
florida man crashes into a patrol vehicle on his way to the er after having his throat slashed by his boyfriend.
florida man wins $80,000 settlement against school, daughter then boasts about it on facebook, violating the agreement.
florida man charged with having sex with limping dog
florida man flies kkk and confederate flags outside his mobile home
florida man arouses gators with a tuba
florida man strangled in mexico resort of cancun
florida man, arrested after passing out drunk inside of his running car with 5-year-old boy in back seat
florida man and woman arrested after baby ingests cocaine and almost drowns in a pool.
florida man and woman arrested for abandoning three kids in woods
florida man stopped for a dui told officers he was  trying to drive it off 
florida man hangs kkk flags outside 2 mobile home
florida man arrested for blocking traffic while waiting for parking space
florida man flying kkk flag assures community:  we don t beat up on f*ggots or blacks 
florida man stabs man, crashes car during getaway, and runs at police with hatchet in the parking lot of a best buy.
florida man badly burned smoking while using oxygen
florida man busted after calling sheriff's office 2,927 times
facebook post by daughter cost florida man $80k
police arrest 69-year-old florida man who tried to fight officer
blind florida man gets his guns back after fatally shooting friend
florida man says he's too stupid to be on death row
why in the hell does every florida man/woman occur in gainesville, florida??? that place has got to be the worst city ever!
florida man attacked with soiled underwear
florida man killed during home invasion...with his own gun.
florida man who oversaw a school district's transportation charged with trafficking cocaine in a school board vehicle.
florida man conspiracy enthusiast crashes jeep runs around then raises hatchet and charges police
daughter's facebook post costs florida man $80,000
florida man with spider tattoo on face accused of kidnapping, attacking ex (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man in hot water for polygraphing his entire sex shop's staff
florida man killed after stabbing cat and charging officers with knife while wearing burnt clothes.
florida man and friends beat his pregnant sister over $9k tax refund
florida man called sheriff's office nearly 3,000 times
supreme court looks at case of florida man death row inmate might be too stupid to execute
florida man who killed 2 teens not being charged
florida man crashes car and knocks down 3 power lines after flying six feet in air
florida man chokes to death on pill designed to extend human life
florida girl's facebook brag costs florida man his $80,000 lawsuit settlement
florida man dies from brown recluse spider bite
florida man destroys $1 million vase in protest.
florida man sinks girlfriend's car after argument.
florida man says he wrestled bear outside sorrento home
florida man prompts lockdown at courthouse due to gun
florida man posing as drinking buddy s brother pulls him off life support, steals $106k
rip florida man - florida gunman killed during standoff outside brevard county courthouse
man arrested for cocaine possession thought drug 'wasn't illegal in florida.'
florida man accused of fatally shooting wife, posting photo of body on facebook
florida man fell down while chasing bear; not attacked.
florida man kills pregnant woman with machete
florida man chases bear, falls down, lies about being attacked by bear
florida man didn't thought that cocaine was illegal in florida.
florida man almost ran me over to hide weed
florida man medics busted for cooking meth
sometimes, florida man wins!
sometimes, florida man wins!!
prosecutors plan to ask judge to chemically castrate florida man-
florida man calls sherriff 3000 times, sentenced to probation
florida man pretends to be brother of sick florida man. takes him off life support steals $10500
south florida (wo)man arrested for throwing boiling water on 14-year-old girl
florida man(agers) charge customers non-existent "obamacare surcharge" at chain restaurant.
florida man vandalizes his own ferrari after covering it in t-shirts
florida men attack ice cream man over counterfeit $20
florida man attacks ice cream vendor over counterfeit $20 bill
florida man: "i thought cocaine wasn't illegal in florida"
florida man hires two non-licensed attorneys, accidentally gives them everything he owns. (it all works out in the end though.)
cocaine-carrying florida man tells cops he didn't know it was illegal
florida man arrested after exposing himself to women around town
florida man arrested for molesting vending machine
florida man gets lawyer s home after attorneys abandon him in jail, take life savings
florida man type gameshow on late night with seth meyers [xpost r/funny]
florida man and woman get in fight after miscommunication regarding usage of pam cooking spray as sexual lubricant.
nearly naked florida man chases would be thief
blind florida man gets his guns back after shooting friend to death
florida man robs waffle house
some people collect stamps or go camping. then there's this florida man, who has witnessed every florida execution for the last 25 years.
blind florida man gets guns back after shooting friend to death
florida man gets his guns back from judge after he shot his buddy to death
florida man accused of killing pregnant girlfriend with machete
florida man gets a florida tattoo
florida man: i didn't know cocaine is illegal
nooooo, not florida man!
well florida man sure is persistent!
florida man accused of impregnating 14-year-old cousin
florida man pleads no contest to making almost 3000 harassing phone calls to hillsborough county sheriff s office dispatchers
florida man smokes marijuana! i knew it!
florida man arrested after swinging machete in bar brawl
florida man demanding back pay for time it took him to get dressed for work
florida man demanding back pay for time it took him to get dressed for work (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man faces fear of spiders by getting arachnid tattooed on cheek
on tonight's 'late night', seth meyers basically introduced florida man: the game, with great results.
a florida man accused of slathering girlfriend's puppy with hot sauce
florida man arrested after calling ex-girlfriend 145 times in 11 hours
florida man hops out of car to knock down 70-year-old at crosswalk
florida man caught with armed car bomb in venezuela
florida man got kicked out of florida for being from texas
florida man packs underprivileged kids in a van to peddle candy on the streets for 10-12 hours a day
florida man spends 35 days in florida jail after being arrested by accident
florida man, convicted of felony tax fraud, wants his seized bentley and jewelry back
black florida man protests union monument by singing "dixie"
florida man choked strip-club patron to death after fight
cops mistake florida man for florida man
florida (wo)man calls 911 over raw waffles (x-post from /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man arrested for pouring hot sauce on puppy.
florida man demanded gas money, sex from florida woman
florida man who has committed to play college football at louisville arrested for impregnating 14-year old cousin
florida man cop sent wrong teen to jail for 35 days in name mix-up
florida doctor leaves man to deliver his own baby.
florida man gets spider tattooed on face to combat arachnophobia
florida man combats fear of spiders by tattooing a black widow on his face.
florida man sentenced for stealing scholarship money
florida man pours hot sauce on puppy to punish it for crying
naked florida man walks the rickenbacker causeway; motorists get eyeful
florida man makes a sunday appearance
florida man sues sheriff's office over unlawful wiretapping arrest [x-post /r/privacy]
florida man throws hot sauce on girlfriend's puppy
blue faced florida man creeps out dollar tree emplyees, gets arrested
blue faced florida man creeps out dollar tree employees, gets arrested
hot sauce and a puppy. i guess florida man is hungry!
florida man arrested, accused of pouring hot sauce on yelping puppy
blind florida man gets guns back after fatally shooting his friend.
blind florida man who shot drinking buddy granted immunity under 'stand your ground' law
florida man jailed for pouring hot sauce on a puppy
florida man tortures puppy with hot sauce
florida man demands sex, gas money from assault victim
florida man who shot and killed a house guest will get his guns back thanks to stand your ground
florida man attempts adverse possession, ends up in jail
101-year-old florida man running for congress
florida man &amp; women arrested after child found to have mouth so filled with oral sores he was unable to eat. revealed he had been fed nothing but apple sauce and milk.
florida man, woman in jail on child neglect charges after feeding three-year-old nothing but applesauce and milk
florida man sues bank of america and wins, but they don't pay. after 5 months, man has his lawyer foreclose the branch, seizing all assets within the building
florida man arrested after beating child with toilet plunger
florida man arrested for pouring hot sauce on puppy
florida man arrested for pouring hot sauce on puppy: cops
florida man charges at police with scissors while saying "i win, i am stronger than you."
florida man arrested for pouring hot sauce on puppy: cops
florida man "preemptively" kills neighbors, cites bush doctrine in court
meta] can someone please explain the "florida man" phenomeon to me?
florida man pours hot sauce on sick puppy
florida man overcomes fear of spiders by tattooing spider on his face.
71-year old florida man shoots and kills father over texting baby-sitter during a movie
florida man shoots mom in the face after setting her house on fire
florida man terrified of spiders so he tattooed a giant one on his face
boredom leads florida man to try and rob thrift store with pole stuffed in christmas stocking
florida man shocked to learn of medal of honor
florida man stole an army humvee because he was bored and high.
florida man is accused of shooting mother in the face
blind florida man who shot drinking buddy dead with assault rifle to get guns back
florida man smashes one million dollar ai weiwei vase at miami art exhibit. (x-post r/videos)
florida man gets spider tattoo to overcome fear of spiders. on his face.
florida [wo]man has designed make-out practice pillows
florida man could not stop touching himself
florida man allegedly stole an army humvee because he was bored and high
florida man throws bottle and beats pregnant ex-girlfriend, then strikes her mother
florida man charged in supermarket sword attack
florida man borrows car, later shoots owner in back of the head
florida man walked into supermarket with a sword in hand and he said he was going to kill everyone
florida man tattoos a spider on his face because he is afraid of spiders
florida man overcomes fear of spiders by tattooing one on his face
florida man overcomes fear of spiders by tattooing spider on his face
florida man accidentally shoots himself right after gun safety class
florida man wins an overdue honor
florida man shocked to learn of medal of honor
florida man gets arrested for trying to touch cop with his penis.
florida man beats roommate to death during argument over chicken foot
florida man and wife aren't happy with new gay neighbors
florida man pleads no contest in hammer slayings of parents
florida man attacks supermarket security guard with sword, gets shot.
humvee thief, florida man was high and bored, deputies say
florida man shoots himself in leg after leaving gun safety class.
florida man gave minor liquor, sexually assaulted her
florida man is bored, steals a national guard humvee and goes for joyride.
florida man attempts to cure his arachnophobia by tattooing giant spider across his face
florida man tries to flee kangaroo express robbery, accidentally shoots accomplice in back
florida man sentenced for selling juvenile turtles in hilton head
florida man saves the life of baby who had stopped breathing (and finally has a positive article about him!)
florida man destroys $1mln vase by ai wei wei in a miami art museum
florida man charged in drunken riding lawnmower incident.
florida man shoots hiker twice, assuming he was just a deer
florida man found at woman's apartment door with pants down
florida man pleads no contest in hammer slayings of parents
citing experience, 101-year-old florida man runs for congress
florida man caught smuggling 8 immigrants into florida
florida man apologizes for destroying $1m ai weiwei vase
florida man mistakes a wildlife photographer for a deer. shoots him with a hunting rifle.
florida man beats roommate to death over stolen fried chicken foot
florida man offered reward, made death threat on police officer in facebook post
an intervention for florida man
florida man smashes $1m chinese vase in local museum
florida man illegally pilots aircraft to california
florida man shoots another movie goer for texting babysitter.
florida man shot dead after attack on teen's face
notorious florida woman "chrystal" accused of drugging oil tycoon florida man with a "special drink" and stealing his jewelry. she has been drugging and robbing other florida men for years, including a former ny giant.
101-year-old florida man running for congress
florida man steals guns from pawn shop, asks for ammunition on facebook, gets arrested.
florida man destroys a $1mln vase by ai wei wei in a miami museum
florida man robs woman's house and drinks her beer. gets caught because he fell asleep on her couch.
florida man deliberately smashes $1m vase by chinese artist ai weiwei
florida man charged with manslaughter after dispute about chicken foot turns deadly
florida man destroys $1m ai weiwei vase at miami museum
florida man beats father with sledgehammer after comment while 'playing puzzles.'
florida man gets in argument at a library. stabs the other man. keeps using library computers until police come.
florida man smashes $1 million ai weiwei vase at miami museum
florida man kills wife, posts confession, photo of body on facebook
florida man breaks $1 million vase to protest the lack of exhibition of local artists' works.
one solution to the florida man problem...
florida man shot when hunter mistakes him for deer
florida man smashes $1m vase by chinese dissident artist ai weiwei
florida man faces 60 years for shooting at teens
florida man convicted of attempted murder in loud music shooting
florida man attempts to murder three black teens over loud music, faces 60 years in prison
florida man faces 60 years in prison for shooting teens over loud music
florida man guilty of lesser counts in fatal shooting
florida man kills 17 ft python
florida man kills someone...and is convicted of attempted murder
florida man zap self with stun gun trying to rob radio shack he also works at
florida man hides weed behind his genitals
florida man accused of murder in loud music dispute
florida man shoots and kill teenage boy over loud music.
florida man kills girlfriend on valentine's day, reports fake suicide
the florida man meets his maker's son
researchers trying to figure out why florida man keeps going on violent, naked rampages
florida man convicted of attempted murder in loud music shooting trial
florida man guilty of lesser counts in music shooting
florida man guilty of lesser counts in music shooting
florida man guilty of lesser counts in 'loud music' shooting
elderly florida man arrested after decades-old child porn found in storage unit
florida man who murdered reporter for collectible sports card collection convicted, sentenced to life in prison
wife attempts to murder florida man because he wouldn't give her the keys to the car.
florida man and ex saints player, darren sharper (yes he lives in florida) , charged with drugging and raping two girls.
florida man and ex saints player, darren sharper (yes he lives in florida) , charged with drugging and raping two women.
florida man in custody after girl scouts robbed outside winn dixie
florida man steals my coworker's car, collides with power pole after high speed pursuit, somehow lives.
florida man goes on drug/date rape spree nationwide
naked, violent florida man with unreal 'superhuman' strength shot dead
florida man beat newspaper reporter to death and buried him in concrete to steal fantasy role-playing cards worth $100,000, court hears
florida man denies pulling penis out on father; says that his father was setting him up to smoke crack and have sex with his girlfriend.
florida man gets life for killing reporter, burying him in cement, to get magic the gathering card collection
florida man robs radio shack where he is employed, then returns later that afternoon for scheduled shift (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man gets into argument in movie theater, feels threatened when other man throws bag of popcorn at him, and then decides to shoot and kill him.
florida man accused of killing ex-reporter, stealing $100k in 'magic: the gathering' cards
florida man burned after his dog catches fire
florida man shoots teen over loud music
florida man set on fire by dog
romantic florida man, it is not too late to plan your valentine's day. mcdonald's in florida accepting v-day reservations.
florida man executed for the rape and murder of 9-year old jimmy ryce
florida man executed in boy s rape, murder
florida man flings chicken drumsticks at his stepbrother during fight
florida man arrested more than 30 times for repeatedly dining and dashing
florida man shoots up 5 year olds baptism celebration because there was a lack of food
florida man smokes weed inside maternity ward
florida man arrested for smoking pot in maternity ward after delivery
72-year-old florida man arrested for sunbathing naked in condo pool
florida man stole $342 worth of cat food from wal-mart
florida man walks into stranger s home, removes clothes, starts shouting  5,6,7,8...grandma grandma  (xpost /r/newsoftheweird)
florida man kills five. (including four frat brothers)
florida man charged with money laundering for selling bitcoins
florida man suspends high school student for stopping beating of gay classmate
florida man naked and with 'superhuman strength' was tasered then shot dead by police after 'drug-feulled' face-biting rampage
florida man arrested for molesting a manatee
drunk florida man calls 911 to check the status of his tax return (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
ugly, bitch-ass florida man with dick that shoots fire asked to stop masturbating in window, burns everything down
florida man claims intruders used holograms to abduct his wife
white florida man said "i hate thug music" before shooting black teen
florida man caught driving with a stolen atm. in a stolen backhoe. on a six-lane highway. on a sunday morning.
florida man kills 5 in fiery wrong way crash
florida man fills pool with pot.
florida man doesn't take orders from asians, blows smoke in cop's face.
florida man kills 4 driving wrong way [x-post from videos]
florida man admits he tricked girlfriend into taking abortion drug
naked florida man attacks police with a clock.
florida man ucf student accused in 'revenge porn' case
florida man is not slowed down by rain
florida man caught pissing on cough drops
florida man makes it illegal for homeless people to use blankets.
florida man wanted for pissing on cough drops.
florida man eats memory card after looking up woman's skirt with shoe camera.
florida man thought is was a good idea to pitch a meth tent next to a school.
naked florida man killed by police after attack on teen's face
naked florida man killed after eating teens face
a florida man is charged for selling a deadly toxin to an undercover cop.
florida man kills teen over loud music
florida man takes erotic photos of his wife and his chiropractor friend together to sell, and when his wife leaves him for the wealthy friend he gets restraining orders banning him from half the town.
florida man or russia man? buzzfeed quiz
naked florida man shot to death after eating teen's face, assaulting cop
florida man describes being victim of 'knockout game'
florida man twitter gets mentioned in interview with florida columnist who discusses the crazy things that happen in florida.
florida man is fired from his job as a ufc fighter after threating to shoot up a dojo, standoff with swat team.
florida man arrested for smoking pot in maternity ward.
florida man, disfigured from a self-inflicted shotgun blast to the face, sets fire to apartment complex after management requests that he stop masturbating in front of windows and open doors
a naked florida man attacked three people and tried to eat one mans face.
florida man doing what florida man does best.
florida man gets dui at wendy's with son in back seat
florida man stole hundreds of dollars worth of cat food from walmart, planned on selling it to friend with 300 cats
florida man arrested for stealing mail from over 900 people.
florida man gunfights the panhandle prowler during a craig's list sale/robbery
florida man hides crack in crack
face-biting, naked florida man in a 'state of psychosis' shot and killed by police
florida man arrested for hiding crack in his crack
florida man arrested for twisting 2-year-old boy's nipples off.
florida man, you're leaking into texas
florida man tells police wife has been kidnapped by holograms (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man eats camera memory card after using shoe camera to look up woman's skirt.
florida man is shocked to learn girlfriend has a temper
florida man tries to eat teens face
beer prank gets florida man heated up and leads to shooting
florida man attacks various people with super human strength, bites one guys face
florida man responds to theft at jewelry store, does police work, then gets caught stealing a watch.
florida man in need of a couple new sidekicks! or in other words: we're looking for two new mods.
naked florida man shot after biting victim on face, police say.
naked s. florida man eats an 18 year old's face.
florida man who shot himself in face is arrested after torching his florida apartment block
naked florida man shot after attacking ex-cop, biting man's face: palm beach sheriff
florida man threatens tree trimmers with gun...said he just wanted to watch!
florida man to be given "it" by "x"
florida man set fire to building because management asked him to stop masturbating
florida man attacks 1, chases 2, bites teen in face before he was shot, killed by deputies
florida man caught "hustling" $342 in cat food from walmart; planned on selling it to friend who owns 300 cats
florida man set apartment fire because manager told him to stop masturbating
naked florida man shot to death after eating teen's face, assaulting cop
naked florida man shot to death after eating teen's face and assaulting cop.
florida man buys first gun proceeds to shoot off his penis and testicle
naked florida man shot after attacking ex-cop
florida man on drugs arrested for attempting to eat teen's face off.
florida man stabs brother after mac n cheese goes missing
florida man accused of torching building after management told him to stop masturbating
naked florida man fatally shot after attacking ex-cop, eating a teen s face
florida man tells police he had spat over loud music, opened fire, ordered pizza
cops shoot florida man after face-biting rampage
florida man insists on smoking a joint before getting arrested
florida man and wife force teenage child to smoke weed, drink beer, and drive
florida man running for florida house says his quote about obama "he should be executed for treason" was taken out of context
florida man starts anti-obama website commieblaster
florida man set apartment on fire because manager told him to stop masturbating
florida man set apartment on fire because manager told him to stop masturbating.
if i can't masturbate in front of the window, nobody can." - florida man
florida man burns down apartment as retribution for management asking him to stop masturbating in the front window.
3 arrested after meth, frozen gators found in home of florida man.
florida man burns down apartment complex after manger asks him to stop masturbating in window (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man arrested for chasing a child around the block with a machete.
florida man accidentally shoots off his penis and testicle
florida man who allegedly stole iphone and took selfie turns self in
florida man steals 26 ipad minis from walmart by smashing display case, loading up cart
florida man arrested for having sex with german shepard
florida man starts apartment fire because manager told him to stop masturbating
florida man who shot black teen after loud music dispute sent racially charged letters from jail
florida man breaks into house, poops on the floor and drinks the contents of the vacuum cleaner
florida man accidently shoots self after firearms safety class
florida man, 77, rams shopping cart into customer who was abusing the express lane
florida man trio steal a truck, get in a fiery crash, swim across a canal and run across the florida turnpike, all unharmed
florida man....just...i don't even....
florida man masturbates with donkey
florida man sets fire to apartment block as revenge for being told to stop masterbating in front of his open windows and front door.
naked florida man attacks 1, bites man in face before being shot dead by deputies
naked florida man bites man in face before being killed by deputies
florida man pleads guilty to medicare fraud
florida man shot and killed after attacking a former ny police officer, chasing another man and his son, then biting another man on the face. while naked.
baby stroller, socket wrench, ford pickup, broom handle, and revolver all used by florida man who assaulted friend over how his truck was running (xpost /r/newsoftheweird)
police shoot and kill naked florida man who bit teenager's face
florida man too fat to go to jail. just.. yes
florida man who survived shotgun blast to the face sets his assisted living facility on fire after management tells him to stop masturbating in front of his windows
florida man shoots and kills unarmed teen because his music was too loud, claims self defense
florida man with messed up face charged with arson in tampa apartment fire
paraplegic florida man steals car from dealership, leads cops on three-county chase
florida man to go to trial for shooting death of jacksonville teenager playing music too loud
florida man uses mug to attack ex-girlfriend s new beau
armed florida robber-man penis slaps victim during home invasion
florida man robs &amp; penis slaps victim during home invasion
florida man kkk leader boasts of  invisible empire  of sympathetic public officials
florida man charged with burglary of largo police shed
florida man chemist in escambia county may have compromised hundreds of drug cases
florida man 'paramedic of the year' fired, hired, then fired again
florida man has some serious golf skills...
monthly review: florida man's top 10 stories for january 2014
florida man subdues his victim with his penis
florida man allegedly forced  straight  marines into homosexual encounters 
florida man shoots self in leg after gun safety class
florida man tries to trade live alligator for beer
florida man beaten and restrained by own victims [x-post /r/justiceporn]
sleeping florida man arrested in drive-thru, offers cops taco as i.d. from inside burning car
armed florida man tried to enter bank through 'exit only' door
florida man who hacked scarlett johansson's email and leaked nude pictures sentenced to 10 years in prison [xpost-til]
florida man at beach club tells cop to stick finger in his tushie
he looks either drunk, high or something,' 911 caller says about florida (police)man
florida man confessed to unsolved evesham murder
florida man drags florida woman to to jail like a piece of luggage
florida man shot 1 at eastern florida state college: florida man was attacked. he then went to his car, retrieved a gun and shot one of the men beating him.
paralyzed florida man outruns cops in stolen pontiac.
florida man charges at police officers with scissors while declaring "i win. i am stronger than you."
florida man, george zimmerman, challenges anyone to celebrity boxing match
compton rapper will 'beat the f**k' out of florida man in celebrity boxing match (x-post r/newsofthestupid)
florida man (men): fugitives in canoe no match for cops in motorboat
inquisitive florida man throws fire bomb because he wanted to see what would happen
florida man sentenced to eight years in prison wednesday for sexually abusing dogs
what kind of florida man/florida woman story are you?
florida man on run from dui manslaughter charge with wife and young sons. this man was my old boss, if anyone sees them or knows anything please contact pasco county sheriff.
florida man leads police on canoe chase
paraplegic florida man steals car from dealership, leads police on 3-county chase
florida man shoots himself while fleeing deputies
florida man slips on ice trying to outrun bayonne police
creative florida man invents machine that makes marijuana butter.
deer valley skier who died in collision with tree identified as florida man
fugitives attempt to flee police in canoe in madison county, fl (florida man)
florida man hates pigs
florida man penis-slapped woman during home invasion robbery
florida man and his twin brother 'beat journalist to death and encased his body in concrete so they could steal his rare magic game cards worth $100k'
florida man shoots at shit in his rv's front yard, starts scary trend
florida man leads law enforcement on canoe chase
florida man takes 'odorless garlic'
florida man slaps woman's face with private parts during home invasion
john welden, florida man who tricked girl into taking abortion pills, gets prison
florida man watching porn and touching himself in mcdonald s parking lot
florida man arrested after police find cocaine, marijuana, loaded gun and bullets wrapped in a sock.
florida man acts as carrier
florida man robs bank while wearing underwear on face (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man tries trading live gator for beer
florida (congress)man to resign after cocaine scandal
florida man gets prison for abortion pill miscarriage
florida man has a gun range in his back yard and tells his neighbors to duck!
florida man goes driving with the family
florida man pushes the panic button; fourth grader has kill list
florida man gets charged with kidnapping
florida man sucker-punched daytona beach school principal
florida man jailed for bashing uncle in the head with a toilet seat lid.
florida man gets buried with full military honors after shooting up a hospital.
florida man boils over in noodles argument, later arrested
florida man smears his girlfriend
florida man turns himself in after trying to run over 3 deputies
florida man rips bag open with teeth, eats cocaine in front of police officers
florida man accidentally discharges his handgun in hospital er.
florida man takes son into woods, believing the boy was possessed by a 'demon'.
florida man named bryan adams beats up cops after attempting to perform an exorcism on his son in the woods.
florida man jailed for toilet seat attack on disabled kin
florida man masterbates in mcdonalds parking lot.
florida man, lake county deputy arrested on sexual battery charges
florida man accused of attacking his uncle with a toilet seat lid
florida man excorcises son
florida man accused of beating boy, 3, for pooping pants
florida man arrested for hitting uncle with toilet seat lid for 'mocking' him
florida man accused of beating boy, 3 for pooping pants
florida man hops fence to shoot and kill 21-year-old in a hoodie then claims self defense
officer: "you dropped your cigarettes." florida man: "i don't smoke cigarettes, i smoke weed."
florida man robs a bank after gambling all of his money away on horse racing &amp; poker.
florida man charged with dui and resisting arrest after a street racing incident.
florida man reveals his true identity...
florida man charged with stealing tv while on skateboard
florida man sentenced to 57 years in sean taylor shooting death
florida man jailed over biscuit pan assault
florida man high on meth tells son he is 'the demon' and 'needs exorcism', drags him into woods
florida man asks to show sex tapes of himself, wife at fraud trial
florida man flings chicken drumsticks at his stepbrother during fight
florida man makes cops wait while he smokes a joint
florida man wants to show his sex tapes to 12 strangers.
florida man arrested after letting drunk (unrelated) 13yo florida girl drive his truck, running over and killing florida man's daughter.
florida man asks deputies to wait while he smokes marijuana.
florida man who abducted his own kids and took them to cuba deemed too crazy for trial
florida man who died in cockroach-eating contest choked to death, autopsy says
florida man stands his ground against texting in cinama
florida (wo)man gets extremely drunk, drives her broken car into the county jail's parking lot.
florida man calls for hanging of president obama
florida man accused of selling deadly toxin online
florida man accused of imprisoning, sexually abusing 5 people in home for up to 9 months
florida man arrested for firing flare gun at neighbor in boat dispute
florida man wants to hang president obama
florida man wins lottery for life,blows it in a matter of weeks.
police: florida man imprisoned, abused five people
florida man calls for execution of obama. florida man also running for state legislature.
florida man loses job after turning 911 into personal escort service
florida man accidentally shot self in road rage incident
florida man caught stealing 850 pairs of underwear from victoria's secret
florida man assaults motorist with mcdonald's milkshake
florida man holds up a bank using a pen taped to a cellphone
florida man joshua werbicki had sex with family dog: police
florida man tried to bribe police officer to help with burglary.
deputies: florida woman doused man with lighter fluid, started apartment fire
florida man, 77, beat walmart customer for too many items in express checkout [x-post /r/nottheonion]
florida man arrested for burning 3-year-old boy with hair dryer
florida man shot dead in cinema texting row
florida man arrested for illegal mullet fishing while wearing a mullet
florida man charged with poaching 300+ turtle eggs
florida man vs. florida man/woman
florida man who stole tv from target, made getaway on skateboard (video)
77-year-old florida man arrested for shopping cart attack after express lane argument
meta] slight update on the sub and invitation for suggestions.
florida man burglarizes home, holds door shut from inside so owner can't get in
florida man arrested for removing clothes inside chili's restaurant
florida man somehow manages to ruin pizza.
florida man calls 911 to report he's being kidnapped by cops who detained him
florida man allegedly attacked a man for having too many items in the wal-mart express lane
florida man, and starting nfl quarterback, owns rental car rifle from /r/wtf
florida man hopes to build a working flying saucer
florida man who shot movie-texter may use "stand your ground" defense
florida man flips car after texting while driving
florida man flips car after texting while driving
florida man shoots other florida man for texting in a theater.
caught on video: texting florida man rolls car
florida man threw 2-year-old boy from motel balcony
florida man sought for leaving carpet tacks on a recently opened pedestrian bridge
florida man attacks wal mart customer over having too many items in the express lane check out.
florida man guns down movie-goer for texting in  lone survivor  film
texting argument leaves one florida man dead, another hurt in movie theater shooting
florida man shot to death for texting at a lone survivor screening
florida man arrested for dui in jail parking lot in pasco county (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man dead at 45. rip hero.
florida man shoots and kills another florida man for texting during lone survivor
elderly florida man attacks customer in walmart for going through express lane with more than 20 items
florida man in movie theater shoots two, killing one, for texting too loudly.
florida man shot dead for texting in a movie theater
florida man shoots moviegoer over text message
florida man shot dead over texting in a movie theater
florida man arrested for triple homicide, at strip club, on christmas morning.
florida man caught sexually abusing roommate's dog on camera
florida man beats another man to death with a baseball bat during an argument over how barbecue was being sliced at a party
florida man wins argument over whether the gun being pointed at him will fire
florida man pre-selected for one-way trip to mars
florida man uses backhoe to steal atm from outside bank
florida man - just along for the ride...
florida man-with-a-sword meets his match.
final resolution in the florida man-with-a-sword florida man-with-a-gun debate.
florida man beats friend to death during an argument over how to slice barbecue.
florida man slashes a chicago bears fan's throat at a jacksonville bar, receives life sentence
florida man beat another man over bbq being sliced.
florida man shoplifts condoms, massage oil, energy drinks
florida man is a slob and wears ridiculous hats
florida man fatally shot after fight over utensils breaks out at baptism party
corvette joyride lands florida man in jail
the first week of 2014 had 24 florida man stories
florida man exhumes body of woman, sleeps next to, and copulates with the corpse.
florida man shoots up walmart coworkers car after losing employee of the month
florida man goes to jail because his cat was a pedophile. cat still at large.
florida man accused in fatal beating by baseball bat during bbq argument at football party
florida man bites off ear, puts it in coffee cup with creamer to preserve it
florida man arrested for getting florida kid drunk and letting her drive his truck.
naked florida man slaps officer in face
florida man bites neighbor's ear off over a cigarette
florida man steals corpse of beloved patient. lived with preserved body for seven years.
florida man has sex with dog, is caught.
florida man allegedly caught on video having sex with roommate's dog
police search for florida man who pushed woman's head into burger king toilet
naked florida man slaps deputy "using maximum force"
florida man arrested after running naked through a neighborhood, screaming, waking people up, then fighting with police.
florida man caught having sex with roommate s dog
florida man murders two friends because he thought they had better beds.
cops want to know if florida man was drunk while driving his car while naked into a lake.
florida man kills himself after shooting rampage at daytona hospital
florida man in jail for robbery after leaving wallet at the scene of the crime
florida man stabbed with squirrel, by wife.
cops searching for florida man who gave woman a swirlie at pembroke pines burger king
florida man gave a woman a swirly at burger king. then threatened to kill her.
florida man gets dui after huffing canned air
florida man fined over 130,000 dollars for not maintaining his yard.
florida man charged with sex acts on family dog, after family installs surveillance system
drunk florida man sets self on fire while lighting halloween cross-burning  prank 
florida man arrested after getting drunk, shooting guns, pooping pants
florida man hit's on woman on bus, she denies florida man's advances, rampage ensues
florida man charged for sex acts with family dog that was caught by surveillance camera
florida man poses as cop at ihop; demands free meal, flashes buttocks
florida man arrested for repeatedly having sex with family dog, caught by family's home surveillance
florida man tasered in eye at one eyed jack's in orlando
florida man flashes buttocks, wants free ihop meal
florida man who won 'breaking bad' contest arrested on drug charges
florida man and breaking bad contest winner arrested on drug charges.
florida man accused in banana assault
florida man accused of attacking girlfriend with banana
florida man wins "breaking bad" contest; subsequently arrested for drug possession
florida man accused in banana assault
angry florida man hit girlfriend with banana, pasco deputies say
florida man can't afford fireworks, points high powered laser at sheriff's helicopter instead.
florida man broke baby's leg because its diaper changing interrupted his xbox session
florida man goes shopping at wal-mart while his wife gave birth in the parking lot.
criminally insane  florida man found in van with 36 guns, 4,629 rounds of ammo
florida man, dressed as woman, robs cabbie at knifepoint
florida man beaten while trying to slow neighborhood cars
police find florida man hiding under big pile of laundry (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man who won contest to watch finale of 'breaking bad' with cast gets arrested for drugs
florida man charged with killing wife at applebee's
vomit-covered florida man found in vomit-covered car
florida man steals christmas gifts, hides some of them under avocado tree.
photos] florida man helps driving friend evade toll
florida man arrested after threatening to shoot mcdonalds employees for refusing to serve him while walking in drive-thru.
half of the articles linked in /r/floridaman don't mention florida man at all
florida man arrested for assaulting wife with turkey neck
florida man fails field sobriety test because he "can't dance like brittany spears"
law firm demands florida man remove racist  commercial or whatever it is  from internet
florida man arrested for breaking wife s hip after she catches him on dating website
florida man impersonating police pulls over a real cop.
florida (wo)man busted for attacking live-in boyfriend when he refused to "cuddle" in bed
florida mistakenly labels [florida] man as sex offender
florida man says wife hit him in head with bag of diapers
florida man pretends to be cop pulls over real cop
florida man started a "professional wrestling dinner theater"
florida man arrested after running through neighborhood in underwear
florida man repeatedly calls 911 for ride to bus stop
florida man, 76, arrested after fight over dating website ends in wife's broken hip
florida man hurls bricks at kids and evades police on a bicycle
florida man forced to hold sign saying 'i beat women' is huge sexist on facebook
florida man and son drown while testing out christmas presents
florida man in spider-man mask holding machete robs florida store
florida man robs bank, uses fake sneezing and coughing to try to hide identity
florida man, 76, arrested after fight over dating website ends in wife's broken hip.
florida man spots virgin mary on tie-dye shirt
florida man sets up his own back yard shooting range, and surprisingly it doesn't end well.
florida man shoots at police, falls off balcony
florida man steals horse mane
florida man jailed after police find him naked and masturbating in car with plastic toy gun in anus
drunk florida man hurls bricks, racial slurs at kids   and then flees cops on bicycle
an unruly florida man bar patron returned with molotov cocktails made of beer bottles and gasoline
florida man stuffs buddy in trunk to sneak him out of work for drinks
florida woman punish florida man who beat her by making hing hold sign that says "i beat women. honk if i'm a scumbag,"
florida woman punish florida man who beat her by making him hold sign that says "i beat women. honk if i'm a scumbag,"
intoxicated(florida) man arrested for shooting at front door
florida man has another florida man in the trunk when stopped for dui
florida man transports mattress on motorcycle
76 florida man is arrested after pushing his 77-year-old wife down and breaking her hip while they were fighting over the man's use of a dating website
76 year old florida man is arrested after pushing his 77-year-old wife down and breaking her hip while they were fighting over the man's use of a dating website
florida man shot and killed by stray bullet from neighbor s backyard gun range | the raw story
florida man breaks baby's leg after diaper change interrupts xbox game
florida man ran over neighbor's mailbox with bike after neighbor's trip to store took too long
florida man goes on a multi state bank robbing spree
dog shoots florida man in the leg
florida (wo)man shoots man, 19, after he fails to pay for sex, police say
florida man defecated on roof during attempted break-in
florida man belts kids for farting in car
florida man poops on roof of house he's trying to burglarize
florida man robs bank with electric scooter as getaway vehicle: "on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the most bizarre, you'd have to give it an 8 or a 9."
florida man uses bmw to advertise for a wife
angry florida man breaks baby s leg after diaper change interrupts xbox game
florida man uses online forum to find drugs locally
florida man holds "i beat women" sign as punishment for beating a woman
florida man caught after leaving wallet at crime scene
florida man--bipolar, schizophrenic, and high on spice--grabs an axe and stars walking around st. pete.
florida man breaks baby's leg after a diaper change interrupts his xbox playing
florida man fills hull with gasoline via a rod holder
florida man decides to show off how 'redneck' he can be with his christmas lights
florida man speads suspicious powder in mall store, turns out to be fiance's ashes
florida man charged in burglary swallowed 2 necklaces
florida man criticized for hanging effigy of dead reindeer outside home (xpost /r/newsofthestupid)
florida man hurt in portage crash
florida man helps brother's killer escape prison
florida man accused of abuse after son, 5, found dead
florida man arrested in carjacking
florida man arrested for neglected hogs
florida man looks for a partner
florida men steal from armless man
florida man tries to trade a gator for a 12 pack of beer
florida man posted child porn to the social networking site instagram
florida man who jumped and shouted ran afoul of the law after deputies say he bared his buttocks and had pot in his pockets
florida man caught on video trying to pay for beer with a live alligator
florida man was busted with $1 million worth of meth and a walter white doll
florida man helps thieving woman steal his holiday decorations
florida man, year in review
florida (police)man beats 22 year old man with downs syndrome because he mistook his colostomy bag for a  threatening bulge 
florida man kills man for watch
drunk florida man fights with children, tries to pedal away
florida man hits bicyclist, drives two miles with him in the rear window before dumping him in the woods.
bullets don't stop the florida man.
florida man goes to convenience store, tries to trade live alligator for some beer
florida man pays it forward
florida man caught with $160k worth of pot gift wrapped for christmas
xposting from r/news of the weird, florida man tries to trade gator for beer.
florida man arrested for attempting to see gator for beer
florida man baffles clerk and authorities by offering live gator for cold beer
florida man tries to trade an alligator for a six pack.
florida man tries to combat mosquito problem by burning down church
florida man a cvs shooting suspect now charged in mojo bbq killing
florida man tries to trade stolen alligator for beer
florida man is on the run after escaping from inmate work site.
florida man arrested after police found 20 pounds of marijuana disguised as christmas presents in minivan
florida man arrested for car theft also faces burglary charges after jail x-rays find swallowed jewelry.
florida city man runs prostitute-review website from a sonny's bar-b-q
florida man shoots coworkers car due to jealousy (found the article.)
florida man tries to give away his girlfriends baby, telling police he found it abandoned.
florida man charged in burglary swallows two necklaces
florida man arrested for shooting co-worker over 'employee of month' award.
florida man on meth burns down 3,500 year old tree.
florida man caught after disguising 20 pounds of marijuana as christmas present
jealous florida man shoots coworkers car.
florida man with gps tracker busted for peeping
florida man who said he found an abandoned baby forgot to mention he's the one who abandoned her
florida man loves cocaine and needs more of it!
florida man called out for racist tv ads tells raw story he s fine with criticism
florida man runs over a 12-year old boy while drag racing in a residential area. boy is in critical condition, florida man is on the run.
21-year-old florida man sentenced to death for beating, shooting to death, and burning a 15-year-old boy [x-post /r/justiceporn]
florida man taped students masturbating in college library's bathroom
florida man charged with 142 felony counts after cops see his instagram page.
florida man spots elusive skunk ape; chases it down with son, then posts video on youtube.
florida man organizes event in which spectators can wager on how long it takes a car to destroy itself without any coolant.
florida man airs grievances with festivus pole in capitol
florida (wo)man takes babies along on armed robbery
florida woman thought the gun wasn't loaded when she playfully pointed it at florida man and squeezed the trigger.
florida man shows too much on instagram. flies into prison like a speeding bullet.
florida man taped students urinating and masturbating in college library washroom
florida man arrested for filming students urinating and masturbating in college library washroom
florida man who went missing in iran was working for cia
florida man gets shot in the head, but his skull was so thick, it bounced off
florida man says about 9 year old girl, "she looked gorgeous in her bathing suit", then punched her in the foot, flicked a lit cigarette at her, gave her a quarter and told her about "dead animal skulls in his house".
lawmakers call on iran to help locate florida man
south florida man guilty in taxi, food delivery robberies
florida man punches another florida man accused of killing his son in dui accident
florida man makes bomb threats after being denied pain pills
florida man steals a credit card at gunpoint. immediately turns around and uses it for bbq at the mall food court.
florida man may air grievances with 'festivus' pole at state capitol.
florida man injured, but alive, after falling 9,000 feet with a tangled parachute.
florida man raped physically disabled woman in hospital room
florida man building festivus pole out of pbr cans
florida (congress)man loses millions in fraud scheme for second time in his life
florida man busted after posing for instagram photo while holding guns
florida man arrested for leaving baby in car in strip club parking lot
florida man ringleader of burglaries arrested after posting instagram photos
florida man arrested after leaving 4-month old in car while inside strip club
no charges for florida (cop) man accused of hitting homeless man (x-post r/ bad cop no donut)
drunk florida man uses taco for id.
florida man files police report over voodoo curse
florida man buys $100,000 tesla with bitcoins
florida man instabusted, faces 142 charges after posting gun-toting selfies
florida man arrested for stabbing two people after they kiss
florida man leaves baby in car and goes in stripclub.
florida man kills wife and son with crossbow, then slits throat
florida man calls in bomb threat to girlfriend's work so they could go to dinner together
florida man leaves driver's license, social security number at bank he robbed
florida man assaults clerk over a bad cup of coffee
florida man finds $50k bonds inside christmas tree box
florida man(atee) injured after crashing it's bike into a deer. although it's possible i misunderstood the headline.
florida man caught stealing 44 iphones on security camera
florida man goes on violent campus rampage after using bath salts.
florida man quips "game over" just before shooting his friend in the head while watching monday night football.
topless florida (wo)man assaults cops at walmart
black florida man protest union monument by singing 'dixie'
florida man kills wife and son with crossbow, drives 450 miles to kill other son, then slits his own throat
florida (wo)man shoots up on cocaine while visiting sheriff's department
drunk florida man falls through mall roof
florida man steals 5 xbox game... and 1 band-aid
florida man to sail around the world in 150 days
south florida man, dog reunited after 5 years at same place where friendship began
florida man sought in condom heist.
florida man goads kids into fight, joins in when his son starts losing
florida man accused of killing wife, posting facebook photo of corpse
florida man robs bank while disguised as duck dynasty cast member
florida man threatens another with toy gun, metal bat
florida python sets record, killed in brawl with florida man
florida man stabs brother after macaroni and cheese goes missing
florida man steals fifty firs from a christmas tree lot.
florida man kills son, leaves body hanging on a bridge
florida man uses bus as getaway vehicle for bank robbery
naked florida man jumps off roof onto homeowner, knocks over tv, empties vacuum cleaner, masturbates.
florida man shoots at hooker for unsatisfactory sex
florida man kills a man and injures another for a ps4
florida man smuggles 13 bottles of liquor in sweat pants
florida man arrested for $200 sub shop robbery after asking gas station attendant for $3
florida man eludes, evades and gets shot at by trooper while horrified parents watch.
florida man trying to sell  jesus christ s toenails  on ebay
florida man arrested for releasing a dozen heart shaped baloons in a "love gesture" for his girlfriend
florida man to serve three years for operating meth lab in hotel room
florida man arrested twice in 24 hours for threatening people with guns [x/post /r/conspiratard]
florida man kills roommate with milkshake
florida police accused of racial profiling after stopping man 258 times, charging him with trespassing at work
florida man converts crime-ridden hood into youth haven
florida (wo)man who wanted to bring her baby to work (hooking) arrested
florida man allegedly attacked pregnant sister during fight over chicken nuggets
florida man lays down on train tracks, dies.
florida man arrested 62 times for trespassing at work
florida man tries to fight motorcycle speeding ticket with insanity plea, losses license.
florida man exonerated after spending almost ten years in prison
foiled florida man to would-be bank robbery accomplice:  you can be my bonnie 
florida man tries to use imaginary card to pay for cookies
florida man shows up to drug hearing in sweatshirt depicting procedure to make crack
florida man tried record video of women in a bathroom will face charges because he captured footage of himself in the act
florida man who tried to record video of women in a bathroom will face charges because he captured footage of himself in the act
florida man takes passengers flying without a license
florida man found guilty of killing, dismembering, and cooking his dog.
florida man arrested for punching police horse
florida (congress)man charged with cocaine possession
florida man kills roommate- with a milkshake.
florida man arrested twice in one day for threatening people with a gun. once in his underwear.
florida man arrested 62 times for trespassing at the place he works
florida man posted child porn to social networking site instagram
florida (wo)man, teacher, fired for displaying wooden penis in math classroom
florida man has camped out for a free chik-fil-a sandwich 110 times.
florida (congress)man pleads guilty to cocaine possession.
florida man doesn't know why he stole shoes from jcpenney, says it "must be a winona ryder thing"
florida man attacked pregnant sister over chicken nuggets, orlando police say.
florida man, woman agree to have sex with their kids, before they were born.
florida man, md)doctor used whips, choked female patient in 'punishment therapy,' deputies say
florida man with sword breaks into bar, only steals alcohol
samurai sword-wielding, knife-throwing florida man lost it over missing can of shrimp
florida rep. trey radel busted in cocaine sting. same man who voted to drug test food stamp recipiants for drugs
florida man accused of posting kiddie porn to instagram.
florida man exonerated, freed from prison after 35 years
florida man gets molested by elmo
florida man arrested for growing marijuana, stealing monkeys
florida man arrested (x-post /r/funny)
florida man is in the news yet again. yeah, that florida man.
a florida man acquitted of murder in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager has been arrested on charges he pointed a shotgun at his girlfriend.
florida man steals $500k worth of red bull from a south florida warehouse.
florida man used fake police badge and gun to get free donuts.
florida homeless man evicted from under bridge
body of florida man, 42, who fell out of private plane likely discovered in mangrove forest: cops
police set up a sting to catch florida man impersonating a cop to get discounted donuts
hardware store discards 15-feet of carpet after florida man rolls himself up in it and pees
florida man shoots girlfriend pregnant with twins
florida man says he's sorry, in court, for the rape
armed florida man pretended to be cop twice to get discounted donuts
florida man falls out of small plane; still missing.
florida man pulls out gun when la fitness trainer asks him to put his weights back
florida man charged with indecent exposure after masturbating at west palm beach dmv
florida man kills three. cops can't find bodies.
florida man impersonates police officer to get discounted doughnuts
police id missing florida man who fell from plane
police say florida man dies after drinking milkshake allegedly spiked by roommate
florida man accused of filming neighbor in shower
florida man beats witch
south florida man who threatened to post teen's topless photo to pornographic website charged with extortion
florida man dies! (911 dispatcher distracted)
florida keys man found passed out in running car full of drugs: authorities
florida man impersonates cop in order to get a discount buying doughnuts - gets arrested instead
florida man thought impersonating a cop would get him discounted donuts
florida man arrested after shooting robotic deer
florida man tries to use fake police badge to demand a donut discount. gets put in real handcuffs instead.
florida man masturbated at dmv office, deputies say
florida man impersonates cop to get discounts at dunkin  donuts
florida man masqueraded as lawman to secure "police discount" at dunkin  donuts
florida keys woman "seahag" gets 30 years for killing the man that refused to give her a busch light.
florida man bites off girlfriends thumb
florida man resists arrest with a spatula
florida man exposes himself to police to prove he could not have exposed himself to 6 year old boy, saying "it is too small for anyone to see it anyway."
drunk florida man takes puppies for a drag
florida man calls 911 twice within an hour to complain that his neighbors were mean and wouldn't drink with him
florida man leaves fake bomb in kitchen because his wife upset him
florida man with sword killed by man with gun in jacksonville argument between acquaintances
florida man who was the inspiration for james franco's character in "spring breakers" arrested.
florida man drives drunk and then beats children
florida man opens fire after car cuts in line at chick-fil-a drive-thru
florida man gets stuck in chimney during burglary
florida man dislikes police, does something about it
florida man with alligator carcass: it would be 'cool' to have table with gator legs
florida man totally body slams manatees
florida man shoots, kills man with sword
florida man leaves bomb for wife.
florida man opened fire after someone cut in front of him at a jacksonville chick-fil-a drive-thru. : xpost from gunsarecool
florida man gets into an argument with his mom. shoots her with a stun gun.
florida man breaks into checkers wearing swim trunks and no shirt, accidentally traps himself in freezer overnight
florida man gets stuck in chimney trying to break into home
florida man, asleep at the wheel in a burning truck, offers police a taco as id
florida man rescued in jupiter after falling out of kayak
florida man writes letter to victims apologizing for rape.
florida man opens fire when man tries to cut him in chick-fil-a drive-thru line
florida man is nudist, takes nude family portrait with young daughters
florida man stuffs girlfriend into duffel bag to sneak her into his half-way house
florida man fatally shot while getting haircut
hiv-positive florida man doused his girlfriend with gasoline and forced her to have unprotected sex on halloween night
florida man runs over his 7-month-old grandchild in okeechobee, florida highway patrol says
florida man arrested for calling 911 after his cat was denied entry into strip club
florida man arrested in stabbing over a fishing spot.
florida man stuck in chimney while trying to break into a home.
blood soaked florida man on bicycle arrested for harassing 8 year old boy with potato chips
florida man offers off-duty policeman $200 for sex. "hey, you want to come up to my room? . . . we have to go inside quickly, i have a warrant."
florida man sets house on fire to avoid arrest
florida man runs out on bar tab, leaves wallet, and solicits off-duty cop in about 10 mins
florida man stuffs his girlfriend into a duffel bag and tries to sneak her into a halfway house.
florida man robs burger king with assault rifle
florida man wearing albert einstein mask robs bank
florida man threatens to shit in co-workers mouth and uses racial slurs.
florida man chokes black 14 year old holding puppy over  dehumanizing stares 
obese florida man, george jolicoeur, avoids jail because he's too fat
florida man and florida woman made sex "part of their parenting plan" (xpost to /r/trashy)
florida man sets self on fire while setting up cross-burning halloween decoration|action news - jacksonville news, weather &amp; sports
florida man blows up his own house attempting to make fireworks.
florida man hits the lottery jackpot   again
florida man claiming to be police officer tells nazareth woman her son is under arrest unless she pays $300
florida man dresses as trayvon martin for halloween, complete with blackface and bloodstained hoodie.
florida man makes an appearance in the economist
florida man charged with deer poaching.
florida man shoots home intruder that also happened to be an alligator [x-posted from /r/dgu]
florida man blocks bullet fired by robber with his cell phone in his shirt pocket
florida man keeps 12-foot gator tied to a tree behind his apartment.
florida man who 'cannonball' jumped onto manatees faces federal charges.
bullet-stopping cellphone saves florida man held at gunpoint
florida man allegedly crammed cialis pill in crack pipe
florida man robs a 7-eleven using only a cup of coffee
florida man went to jail for trying to drown a police dog, but apparently he didn't learn his lesson because he just tried to choke another police dog
florida woman stabs boyfriend in eye for denying her threesome request. florida man did not see that coming.
florida man goes berserk at mcdonald's
florida man arrested for punching female cop in the face.
florida man hides wal-mart headphones in pants, fights officer
florida man ran into some trouble in london...
florida man edits self into child porn
pantsless, masturbating florida man tries to get mcdonalds drive thru worker to touch it.
florida man beats friend with ax handle!
florida man arrested for pushing pregnant girlfriend blames obama
florida man, 80, accused of stealing from miami gardens-based catholic charity
florida man attacked in the uk
florida man seeks friends
florida man and two women arrested for killing child with a blanket
florida man starts fire; waits for cops.
german man giving florida a run for it's money.
florida woman forgives florida man for stabbing her 32 times
florida man cut the throats of four of his mother s six chihuahuas because he felt she loved them more than she loved him
naked florida man creates disturbance with sledgehammer.
florida man holds woman's grandfather's ashes for $40 ransom
florida man accused of cutting the throats of his mother's chihuahuas because he said she "loved them more than him" [x-post from /r/wtf]
florida man tries to pay water bill with crack cocaine
florida man punches orlando police horse named mr. george
florida man accused of drive-by dog poop attack
florida man attacks man with his sandwich during road rage fight
florida man starts brawl at used car dealership, caught on video
florida man screams "fuck them horses" before punching horse
florida man steals $500,000 dollar camera from the set of 'dumb and dumber to'.
florida man sets himself on fire displaying a burning cross
florida woman charged for hiring cop posing as hit man
florida man practices dentistry on children!
florida man jumps out of airplane.
florida man caught masturbating on amtrak claims ejaculation was an accident, was itching stomach
florida man shoots at drunken driver.
florida man lets inmate handle his pistol!
florida man burned in halloween cross-burning gone awry
florida man sets self on fire while setting up burning cross display
florida man robs canadian bank while dressed as busty female clown
florida man forces mall evacuation after attempting to spread his fiance's cremains outside of lenscrafters
florida man arrested after cops discover alligator living in backyard hot tub
florida man sentenced to 25 years in prison for opening fire at a party and shooting a 16-year-old girl in her back (she was in a moving car and not the target)
florida man sprinkles dead fiancee's ashes at eyewear store
florida man lights self on fire while decorating for halloween with burning cross
florida man accused of giving illegal butt injections
naked florida man impaled on fence.
florida man burned after halloween "prank" involving gasoline, wooden cross, and fire
florida man self-immolates while burning cross
florida man threatens to set woman on fire at gas station because she wouldn't move her car
naked florida man fatally shot after having clothes stolen
florida man charged with molesting girl over 5-year period
florida man poses as dea agent to gain special entry into strip clubs &amp; nightclubs.
florida man sets himself on fire!
florida man dressed up as a female clown and robbed a canadian bank. "it's unclear how or why he was in canada in the first place."
drunk florida man attacks three disney world cast members with a pipe
florida man shoots for the stars with a stolen credit card....by buying two cartons of cigarettes
threesome turns violent as florida man encounters "thrust issues", say police.
threesome turns violent after florida man encounters "thrust issues", say police.
florida man pleads not guilty to trespassing charge in skype-facilitated courtroom because he is in a wheelchair, get's bond set at $100 but can't pay $100, gets $50 fine that he can pay over the course of 6 months, gets out of wheelchair and walks away.
florida man hides phone to film up woman's skirt
machete-wielding florida man robs local pizza joint
florida man brings wife and child to meet the 14 year old he hoped to sleep with
florida man has been re-sentenced to death for stabbing his father's girlfriend about 90 times
florida man jailed after sword attack.
man thinks he's picking up female friend, actually picks up florida man in dress who later stabs him in chest (xpost from r/newsoftheweird)
florida man tries to rescue turtle, gets bitten by rattlesnake
florida man kidnaps dog, eats it.
florida man denied mammogram because of sex
florida man told he can't return from the dead
florida man still legally dead, judge says to him
florida man admits role in distributing cocaine seized at warehouse.
florida man saves a drowning bear - the quoted posts
pantless florida man fondled himself in mcdonald s drive-thru: deputies
florida man campaigns to build "world's largest underwater peace sign"
florida man charged with attempting to kill federal judge
florida man accused of sexual assault on bird watcher, says he mistook her for prostitute
florida man arrested for attempting an abduction while wearing a gps tracker from a previous conviction
florida man arrested after cops find marijuana in beard
florida man busted for pot when officer finds bud stuck to his shirt.
florida man gets 15 months in prison for facebook post threatening potus.
florida man arrested for weed on his shirt
florida man hides crack rocks in 6-year-old son's mouth to avoid prison time
florida man arrested in airport bomb hoax
florida man adopts 42 year old girlfriend
florida man stabbed after stealing girlfriend's seat on couch
flesh eating bacteria attack florida man!!
florida man could be penalized for killing gator
florida man takes boat right into a waterspout
florida man allan linn jonas arrested after lighting his house on fire 60 times
florida man exposed himself while working court-ordered community service hours
florida man killed by flesh-eating bacteria. :(
florida man dies from seawater bacteria
florida man kidnaps and runs over 14-year-old girl with car after she refuses to have sex with him.
florida man burgles orlando alligator habitat
florida man writing song about  drug dealing  arrested -- for drug dealing
florida man dies of infection after crabbing
florida man attempts to pay water bill with crack cocaine: deputies
florida man arrested after helping steal a chameleon because he used his customer loyalty card to buy food for it.
florida man blames minecraft when son brings weapons to school.
florida man aiming to shoot a snake with a semiautomatic rifle negligently shot his friend instead.
florida man who  shot up a lot of cocaine  dives through windshield to avoid gators
florida man steals ambulance with patient still inside
florida man tries to pay water bill with crack cocaine
florida man tries to pay water bill with cocaine
florida man followed and videotaped girls in walmart while partially exposed and inappropriately touching himself
florida man charged 18-year-old murder of utah teen.
florida man indicted for buying enemas from cvs and returning them used
florida man threatened neighbor, shook genitals: deputies
florida man arrested after knocking down a 75-year-old retiree who 'took his dryer' at a laundromat.
ax-wielding florida man chasing pedestrians shot by police
florida man tries to pay water bill with 3 grams of crack cocaine.
florida man tried to pay water bill with crack cocaine
florida man stabs father over a computer.
florida man who shot man twice for no good reason while waiting in pizza line just sentenced [xpost /r/gunsarecool]
florida man tried to kill woman to save her from demons, police say
florida man chasing pedestrians with ax shot by officer
why is florida so fucked up??
florida man shot in head, complains of headache (x-post: todayilearned)
florida man left 3-year-old son in truck while partying in strip club: cops read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/florida-man-left-3-year-old-son-truck-partying-strip-club-cops-article-1.1466437#ixzz2fuo6lfvd
another florida man left his child in a locked car while partying at a strip club
florida [man] charged with 'video voyeurism' for filming up his students  skirts - but he has a great excuse.
florida man attempts to pay his water bill with crack cocaine
florida man tries to rescue cat on turnpike, instead causes fatal car crash
florida man carjacks an ambulance with the patient still inside
florida man accused of beating girl to the tune of 'blurred lines'
florida man selling  extra terrestrial vehicle  on ebay
florida man is killed by cops for not wearing seatbelt.
florida man selling  extra terrestrial vehicle  on ebay
florida man murdered by hiccup girl's boyfriend
florida man leads police on high speed chase because he was "bored."
florida man run over by police
video: florida man pulled over for seatbelt violation flees and is run down and killed by police officer in cruiser after raising his hands to surrender. cop fired but walks [nsfl]
video: florida man pulled over for seatbelt violation flees and is run over by police officer after falling down/raising his hands to surrender. [nsfl]
florida man to run iowa marathon backward, while juggling
florida man to be in seattle this weekend at the game.
florida man sought after body falls from truck in miami
florida man beats and robs mentally challenged man for a copy of gta v.
florida man, 54, arrested for performing exorcism on girlfriend, 80
400 pound florida man accused of anally assaulting toddler.
florida man, 54, accused of exorcism on 80-year-old girlfriend
florida man accused of beating girl to the beat of robin thicke s  blurred lines 
florida man pimps his stepdaughter out on craigslist for tennessee-florida game
florida man accused of pulling knife on tiki bar employees, swimming away
florida man arrested for protesting red light cameras
florida man shoved a 12-year-old boy into a canal after accusing the child of stealing a soda
florida man beats new york jets fan with a pvc pipe for insulting the dolphins
a florida man beat his daughter for 40 minutes while listening to robin thicke's "blurred lines"
florida man arrested for hitting girl to the beat of "blurred lines"
florida man tried exorcism on 80-year-old girlfriend, deputies say
florida police jail man for protesting red light cameras
florida man beats child to tune of "blurred lines"
florida man grows new finger after horse bites it off
florida man really does wear the logo (cops s26e01)
florida man linked to 1 million child porn videos, images
florida man tells 7-11 cashier 'don't call the cops, i'll pay you later, bro'
step aside florida man.. herpes-infected monkeys terrorize florida!!!
florida man and his wife really crossed the line on this one.
florida man goes on naked rampage and is tasered to death by cops. man was former bodyguard to rhianna, beyonce, and lady gaga.
florida man tells 7-11 cashier: 'don't call the cops, i'll pay you later, bro' (xpost from r/wtf)
florida man arrested as he drives around with 2998 kerosine-soaked qur'ans before burning them at a local park while unlawfully carrying a firearm
florida man arrested for walking while black
florida man batters wife with chicken wings
florida man an arrested for walking down the wrong side of the street
florida man spotted performing lewd acts while watching teen girls shower at public beach. states "given the chance, [he'd] do it again."
florida man accused of  walking on wrong side of the road 
florida man tried to chew and swallow receipt of stolen credit card to avoid arrest.
florida man draws 60 years in cannibalism case
florida man axe murders vagrant; eats brain &amp; eyes
florida man busted with drugs was also caught having sex in his car with his stepdaughter
florida man accused of lying about machine gun threat and mocking deputies about doughnuts.
florida man arrested for chicken wing assault on wife.
florida man tazed to death after naked cocaine rampage.
florida man sets house on fire with girlfriend inside
florida man, previously acquitted for murder, assaults father in law and waves a gun around in a threatening manner.
florida man caught smoking marijuana in parking lot
florida man tricked pregnant girlfriend into taking abortion pill
florida man kills girlfriend, infant, self
florida man sells his own urine on craigslist for $20 per ounce
florida man sued over pinochet-era murder of folk singer
a florida man sexual assaults and takes hostages
florida man swallows crack pipe, which gets lodged horizontally in his stomach
florida man accused of smearing feces on his girlfriend during a fight
florida man cites  bush doctrine  after pre-emptive killing of neighbors at labor day cookout
florida man finds $300,000 in sunken spanish treasure
florida man charged with keeping sea turtle
florida man trains dogs to hunt giant snails
florida man steals police car because he "just wanted to drive around for a little bit."
florida man jailed for riding bicycle intoxicated.
florida man allegedly kills wife, posts photo of her body on facebook
florida man facing criminal mischief charges after his attempt at an escalator helicopter stunt crash lands and causes $2,000 in damages
florida man gives amazing speech about the nats
florida man convicted in hot grease attack
cox n' crendor: florida man part 1 - a new hope
florida man said police weighed his cocaine wrong
florida man walks dog while naked, gets tasered three times.
florida man adds buttwater to list of super powers
florida man wants to trade island for ferrari enzo
florida man busted on drug charges after being caught having sex in car with stepdaughter
florida man leaves daughter alone in car while visiting strip club
florida man is accused of exposing himself outside of a wendy's drive-thru. did not get free fries in exchange.
florida man fills out application then robs the store.
injured florida man, 89, ditched by cruise line at subpar turkish hospital
florida man tries to kill 9-year-old girl in best buy bathroom.
florida man, outside convenience store, whipped out his genitals and began masturbating while alternately facing the building, then the roadway, changing his position several times.
florida man threatens to kill wife for not cleaning out cat litter
florida man faces 6 counts of attempted murder.
florida man allegedly threatened to kill his wife during a fight over who should clean the dirty kitty litter box
south florida man attacked cubans, kicked dog
florida man robs hospital gift shop, flees on bicycle
florida man does palm frond dance along road; released after telling police he "was having a religious moment"
florida man threatens to kill wife over dirty cat litter
florida man rescued after treading water for 22 hours
florida man throws explosive at stray pitbull in his yard.
florida man felt  relieved  after killing 1-year-old daughter
florida man accused of brokering uranium deal for iran
florida man fatally punched old man over gas pump
florida man facing attempted murder charge after attacking a 9 year old child in best buy restroom.
florida man pistol-whips dunkin  donuts employee over iced coffee order | video
florida man leaves potatoes unattended, burns down apartment
fat florida man sex offender
florida man accused of brokering uranium deal for iran ... (come on, florida man, not cool.)
florida man plans to sell perfectly round egg
florida man arrested after mother calls 911 to report him for keeping alligator in her bathtub
naked north florida man dies after tossing rocks at windows
roy middleton, florida man mistakenly shot by deputies, wonders why
naked florida man dies after tossing rocks at windows
sword-wielding, knife-throwing florida man lost it over missing can of shrimp, report says
florida man sets fire to freaky tiki bar, claims to be sponsored by budweiser
florida man committed suicide at olivia newton-john's house
florida man attacks mom s boyfriend with samurai sword over missing can of shrimp
naked florida man dies after tossing rocks at windows
one-legged florida man dies naked after neighborhood rampage
florida man arrested after allegedly showering naked outside a high school
florida man wields sword, throws knives over missing can of shrimp
florida man murders and dismembers roommate, shows corpse to friend
florida man kills african-american, tells police he "only shot a n*gger"
florida man angry over cellphone service bites child in face
police hunt florida man who killed crossfit trainer during class
florida man stops taking meds for bipolar disorder, goes on rampage with ak-47.
florida man accused of decapitating roommate, tells cops "things got a little carried away"
florida man with wooden ninja sword runs off boca burglars
florida man stuffs puppies down pants to steal them
florida man bites off ear, puts it in coffee cup with creamer to preserve it.
florida man says devil made him rape teen girl, deputies say.
florida man comes to the aid of drunk woman who fell off park bench, public sex ensues
florida man charged with hiring hitman to kill family, president obama, in addition to stockpiling bomb making material and weapons.
florida man tried to hire hit man to kill wife, baby
florida man commits grand theft puppy by shoving dogs down his pants
florida woman stabs florida man in butt over cutting line at mcdonald's
florida man attacks friend with box cutter, throws him in front of moving ambulance
florida man shoves $1,500 worth of puppies down his pants
florida man opens hunger games themed summer camp. [x-post r/nottheonion]
florida man confessed to wife's murder, posted photo on facebook
florida woman stabs man on his butt at mcdonald's. i'm loving it =)
florida man opens fire at an orange county gym
florida man arrested for throwing ice cream, pulling ears, groping passengers on russia-to-miami flight
florida man beats girlfriend for taking too long to make a sandwich
florida man stabs daughter with a sword
florida man nominated for nobel prize
florida man pulls hammer head shark out of the water with his bare hands
florida man crashes into chipotle in pennsylvania running from police
florida man kills door-to-door salesman: i ll kill anybody that steps on my property
florida man allegedly hid boy's abuse injuries with fake tattoos
florida man murders wife and then post a picture of the victim on facebook.
florida man steals short bus
florida man kills wife, posts photo of dead body with confession on facebook
florida man posts about killing wife on facebook
florida man does it yet again...kills wife then posts pictures on facebook.
a florida man contacts his wife from beyond the grave via a potato.
florida man accused of training with terrorists
florida man gets executed for being crazy and also killing a lot of people
florida man with "way with the ladies" threatens to kill "haters" using "zimmerman defense"
florida man charged with leaving scene of fianc e's death
florida man bit by shark also struck by lightning, bit by rattlesnake
florida man beat woman who wanted to change tv channel
florida man finds 13-foot albino python in his shed
florida woman, whose son was berated by florida man for wearing pink headband, is placed on involuntary psychiatric hold
florida man found in southern california motel wakes up with amnesia, speaks only swedish
florida man carrying air rifle shot and killed by sheriff s deputy
florida man arrested for drunk driving motorized shopping cart at a walmart
florida man slams into golf cart, calls in bomb threat
florida man forces 12-year-old to give him head outside in a field, because his brother owed money!
florida man who entertains children gets 20 years for wanting to eat them.
florida man calls in a false kidnapping report while drunk...
florida man arrested for calling in fake kidnapping as ex-girlfriend moves out
florida man rips "girly" headband from 2-year-old boy in walmart after using anti-gay epithet
florida man can't stop having sex with dogs
florida man is suing cracker barrel for gay discrimination
florida man arrested for barking at police dog
florida man planned to decapitate new york judge.
florida man urinates on x-ray machine and cops after being arrested
florida man used dying tenant's atm card before calling 911
florida man arrested for hammer attack on starbucks
florida man having stroke arrested for failing to follow commands. florida man spent a full day lying on the floor of a cell, trying to crawl. florida man dies.
friend pukes all over florida man's bathroom. florida man holds friend's iphone for ransom. police and walmart get involved.
florida man, pedophile puppeteer, sentenced to 20 years
florida man accused of goodwill armed robbery
florida man (unarmed) shot in his front yard by florida deputies
florida man set fire to his apartment, killed six people, and held another two hostage at gunpoint for three hours before a swat team stormed the complex and fatally shot him.
florida man slays 6 before police shoot, kill him
florida man masturbates outside woman's home three times
florida man tries to rob convenience store with palm frond
florida man accused of killing cellmate with toilet paper
florida man leaves 3-year-old daughter home alone with live grenade, machine guns and arsenal of ammunition
florida man set a $500,000 fire in an attempt to become a firefighter
florida man rearranges walgreens in beverage selection rant
florida man attacks roommate with a machete for changing the radio station while florida man is in the shower
florida man sits on baby's head to stop it from crying. ("it's my baby, i can do whatever i want.")
florida man can't control his lawn mower!
florida man charged with incest
florida man didn t realize police sirens meant for him to pull over
florida man found wasting away; wife charged with neglect
florida man dead after driving lawnmower into river in cocoa
florida man arrested, suspended for barking at police dog.
florida man arrested for barking at a dog
florida man claims 'finders keepers' of dropped cash to buy crack
florida man screams  zimmerman!  punches truck, gets arrested
florida man imprisoned wife for three years, cops say
florida man wrestles shark for forty five minutes
orlando cop hits a man in the crosswalk with his cruiser, checks on him, then drives off. florida man wears a badge.
florida man who woke up speaking only swedish is identified by sister
florida man passes out in californian motel, wakes up speaking only swedish
florida man who spoke up speaking swedish is id'd by sister
florida man wakes in california hotel with amnesia speaking only swedish
florida man dies after confronting purse snatcher.
florida man gets naked, commits terror.
florida man gets drunk, crashes car, flees scene, abandons 7 year old, crashes car, flees scene, gets arrested and attempts to escape.
rip florida man: shot by a robber who stole a woman's purse
jury selection begins for a florida man accused of raping a 9 month old baby
florida man awakens in hospital with no memory of his past
florida man shoots and kills 17-year-old teen after argument over loud music at gas station
florida man punches deputy who was releasing him from jail
florida man found in california motel room, speaks only swedish and claims to be johan ek, the desert sun
amnesia leaves florida man speaking only swedish
florida man pooped and masturbated in other florida man's home.
florida man shot, killed after confronting robber
florida man pees in cop car.
florida man admits killing teenager, jury acquits anyway
florida man catfishes and robs victims using '90s-looking dating site and a rifle
florida man rearrested after punching deputy in jail lobby
florida man robs the gas station where he is applying for a job
florida man drives down bike trail because gps told him to
stoned florida man thinks he is invisible, shoplifts cigarettes.
florida man applies for a job, steals from the store, and leaves filled-out job application.
florida man busted pouring gasoline near kids with fireworks, shoving man out of wheelchair
florida man douses street in gasoline to stop fireworks show
florida man attacks guy in wheelchair and pours gas on him while kids running around w sparklers. happy 4th of july florida
florida man is polluting my state's water with body parts
florida man arrested for stealing 166 manhole covers.
florida man takes revenge, paints town officials as shrek, donkey on home
florida man bites grandmother after arguing over 2 bottles of wine
florida man shoots paramedic during medical call
noisy next-door resort weddings freak out florida man
florida man accused of eating victim's eyeball and brains begins murder trial
florida man arrested after he killed, cut up and cooked the family dog
florida man celebrates his 80th birthday lifeguarding
florida man loses hand customizing fireworks in friend's bathroom
florida man arrested for choking boy for 3 minutes
florida man threatened police officers with epipen before stabbing himself in the neck
beer is my coffee  says florida man arrested for 9th dui
ever-resourceful florida man steals rusty coins from mall fountain to purchase beer.
as arrest becomes imminent, florida man charged with credit-card fraud sends 78 threatening emails to detective with a forged sheriff office address. when they come for him, he resists arrest and stabs himself in the neck with epipen.
florida man gets 60 years for shooting up home, after he lost all his money in a game of pitching quarters.
florida man accused of strangling, chopping up, cooking family puppy
florida man, 25, arrested for strangling, then cooking his mother's puppy
florida man stabbed in the chest by his son "bamboo flute" because son "wanted to know what it felt like to take a life"
florida man kills, then cooks family dog
florida man accused of stealing $2m in toys from toys r us
florida man sentenced to 14 years for dogs death. he beat it with a tire iron.
florida man was building machine guns inside home, deputies say
florida man accused of sending nude photos of ex-roommate to roomie's girlfriend, grandma
grease-covered florida man found stuck in store window, tells deputies he needs to poop
grease-covered florida man found stuck in store window, tells deputies he needs to poop.
florida man and his wife forget about 3 y.o. kid in car and he cooks to death.
police find florida man naked, revving motorbike in front yard
florida man beaten, robbed, stripped naked on first date
a match made on ... i-95? florida man uses sign on his car to find love
florida man eats himself into a coma at red lobster
florida man crosses canyon on tightrope
florida iron man robs bank
florida man was arrested last week after his plot to steal a car was foiled by his inability to operate a manual transmission.
florida man, 87, shoots stepson in face for being a  moocher,  police say
florida man arrested for punching police horse's butt
florida man ran to woman walking outside while fondling and exposing himself
florida man arrested for killing 8 ducklings
florida man indicted for strangling ex-wife and tossing her off cruise ship in italy
florida man threw ax through car window
florida man stabs brother over missing macaroni and cheese, police say
florida man accused of punching 7-year-old boy in face
florida man murders three co-workers because they made fun of him for being a poor shot - miami - news
florida man pistol whips robs woman on a bike
florida man involved in crash punches firefighter
florida man stabs brother over missing mac and cheese and spilled beer
florida man stabs brother over missing mac and cheese.
florida man arrested picking mushrooms in state forest with alligator in his backpack
florida man stabbed brother in fight over mac and cheese, and beer
florida man catches self on fire siphoning gasoline with a vacuum cleaner
florida man charged with tossing salad with his own genitals
florida man arrested for aggravated child abuse
sinkhole swallows florida man in his own bedroom
florida man mistakes girlfriend for hog, shoots her
florida man declares  beer as the new coffee  after being busted for his 9th dui
florida man dies after winning roach-eating contest
u.s. open at merion: florida man tries to score golf tickets
florida man tasered after naked marriage proposal at wrong house
florida man watches documentary on hitler, fires gun into ceiling
florida man arrested for throwing molotov cocktail at another man's car who fingered him for dui
florida man tries to propose to girlfriend: ends up in jail
florida man cannonballs onto manatee.
florida man arrested and fined for firing ar-15 into own house
florida man hunting for pythons finds mysterious jewelry
florida man shot by his dog
florida man strips naked on porch in middle of night to propose to girlfriend, then asks cops what he has to do to go to jail (and succeeds).
florida man waits in his car with his daughter at school bus stop gets shot at and almost car jacked
florida man kills three of his coworkers because they recorded a humiliating video of him.
florida man takes truck for a test drive, never comes back
florida man arrested after extra-long test drive
florida man says he was late to work because his bus driver stopped to get breakfast at mcdonalds
florida man kills wife's lover, gets acquitted and celebrates with waffles.
florida man shoots and kills 3 people over his coworkers "punking" him
florida man wrestles bear for two chicken sandwiches (x-post from /r/pics)
84-year-old florida man donates his 100th gallon of blood
florida man brings, forgets loaded gun on disney world dinosaur ride
florida man chased by zombies!
florida man love triangle.
florida man who fatally shot wife's lover found not guilty of murder
florida man bit wife's butt during argument
florida man accused of dismembering 70-year-old mother
jailed florida man blames zombie attack for throwing concrete at hotel
florida man choked by miami-dade police because he was giving them "dehumanizing stares"
florida man runs from police directly into an alligator's mouth (x-post from r/notthonion)
florida man killed his mom and moved to new york.
florida man too fat to jail
police called after florida man drops pants in laundromat, starts shaving
florida man fired after leaving racist opera on voicemail
florida man butt-dials 911; his murder plot gets accidentally recorded
florida man finds unlocked safe in front yard with $7k worth of meth inside
florida man pepper-sprays baby, attempts to bribe police officer, arrested
florida man tricks pregnant girlfriend into taking abortion pill.
florida man gives his 2 month old daughter bleach to drink
florida man, claiming to be cop, gets free admission to strip club
fat man dance team proves perfect competition for florida man
florida man arrested for pretending to be cop to get into strip club for free
boston bomb investigators kill florida man
florida man bags record python!
florida man butt dials 911 while talking about a murder he plans to commit
classy florida man in trouble after cannonball diving onto manatees
florida man named 'worm' allegedly assaults romantic rival
florida man suspected of faking death found in wyoming
white florida man, 64, dies in shootout with 86 year-old white mom
florida man arrested for driving naked, allegedly stealing motorcycle
florida man accused of lopping off his dog s ears.
florida man accused of staging home invasion in attack on wife
florida man claims red lobster poisoned him with budweiser
florida man tricked pregnant ex-girlfriend into taking abortion pill
florida man won t be charged for shooting himself while bowling
florida man accused of pimping
florida man accidentally shoots self while bowling
florida man to stop serving lion meat tacos
florida man reaps benefits of bats
florida man accused of receiving oral sex from prostitute with toddler in car
florida man sues county sheriff's office for right to cultivate medical marijuana for his wife
florida man runs from law enforcement only to be attacked by alligator
florida man attacked by alligator after fleeing police during traffic stop
florida man and a trusty sidekick robbed a man with a machete, raped his mother, and poured bleach all over her.
florida man arrested for throwing eggs at courthouse employee
police: florida man attacks girlfriend over facebook post
florida man arrested for masturbating on boat ramp
florida man flees hit-and-run carrying gun and hatchet. tells police that they would be surprised at what's in his car.
florida man calls 911 because someone broke into his home, police then discover meth lab in his house
florida man calls 911 because someone broke into his home, police instead find meth lab in his house
florida man flees seatbelt stop on foot, cop runs him over and kills him
florida man leaves dead opossum on ex-girlfriends doorstep.
florida man blows off 2 fingers with homemade explosive
florida man on sailboat busted for masturbating in front of passing boats.
naked florida man knocks on a woman's door, asks for help
florida man arrested for sexually assaulting a child after finishing his sentence for the first time he sexually assaulted the same child.
florida man accused of inappropriate relationship with student, sheriff's office rule no crime.
police: seductress drugged florida man, stole money
florida man jailed for taking son from salt lake city hospital
florida man wearing  jail sucks  t-shirt arrested and put behind bars
florida man arrested for treating 911 like delivery service
drunk florida man strips naked and tells police "i know i am a monkey"
florida man strips naked in front of cops to prove he's a monkey
florida man exposes himself to mother and children: authorities
florida man takes out penis to pick up mom in front of her kids
florida man chugs rum, nearly drowns in miami sewer
florida man arrested for exposing himself at a park
florida man arrested for burglary while masturbating with toy helicopter and salad
florida man wearing "jail sucks!" t-shirt is booked into jail for welfare fraud
florida man drops acid and asks police to cut off his penis
florida man accused of beating employer's dog to death
florida man accused of having drugs in pants, claims pants aren't his
florida man removes car seats and installs lawn chairs
florida man nearly dies after swallowing two pounds of coke
florida man, high on pot and formaldehyde, dances in the street naked after car crash
florida man ejaculates on employee's leg in bathroom, promises her more hours
florida man mistakes girlfriend for a hog, shoots her
florida man calls 911 eighty times to demand kool-aid, hamburgers and weed
florida man dies after falling from tree he was trimming
pickup driver sneezes   then to plows into florida man, killing him instantly
florida man accused of kicking boat seller repeatedly in the groin
florida man arrested for aggressive public self-abuse
florida man breaks into house; plays with toy helicopter, eats salad, masturbates
lsd-tripping florida man claims to be god and asks police to cut off his penis
florida man suffers injuries while attempting to shoot squirrel with bullet taped to bb gun
florida man carjacks his date, proving romance is dead
drunk florida man admits shooting up public docks and then poops pants
florida man carjacks his date after long walk on the beach.
florida man falls asleep at the wheel
florida man attacks grandmother with machete
jackson man sentenced for death of florida man
florida man chases, catches robbery suspect
florida man saves child by punching alligator into submission
killer bees attack florida man and pet dog, dog dies.
florida man unwittingly snapped photo of suspect fleeing boston bomb scene
killer bees attack florida man and firefighters; kill dog (video)
florida man gives up robbing pizzeria after cashier says  no 
florida man cuts locks on zoo cages
florida man auditions for x factor, then steals an unattended car to go home.
florida man arrested for flashing penis at cable company worker
florida man reminds us why you don't eat cocaine
florida man pulls out his dick and jacks off in faces of 10 year old girl and her mother at publix.
naked florida man refused to stop walking around outside naked
florida man accidentally reverses over 2 year old daughter with riding lawn mower.
florida man named captain taco helped catch a great white shark
florida man responds to eviction by pooping on a porch
florida man shoots and cuts open family dog to retrieve son's pinkie finger
florida man wants to become a kotex pad
florida man steals truck carrying $75,000 in campbell s soup, has brief low-sodium joy ride
florida man is charged with bringing unregistered guns on grounds of us capitol.
florida man and accomplice steal atm, throw it into a lake
florida man caught with ~1 million full-length child porn videos
florida man used an xbox 360 to murder his girlfriend
florida man accused of molesting 12 year old girl -claims it was a zombie
florida man beats his girlfriend to death with an xbox 360
this sub is depressing. i have not seen one positive thing a florida man has done in here. guess that is the point, but whatev's, i am out.
florida man charged with threatening to kill obama
florida man charged with threatening to kill obama and others.
florida man swiped $1,000 of eatery's booze, partied at park. (x-post from /r/newsofthestupid)
mohawk ads: florida man uses hair as advertising space for businesses
florida man linked to up to 1 million child porn videos, images
florida man charged with murder after allegedly beating girlfriend with x-box, stabbing her because he believed she was a taurus
florida man embarks quest to become merman; lives life swimming underwater in florida's natural springs wearing latex mermaid tail
florida man stripped naked and dancing outside his car after crashing while high on marijuana and formaldehyde
florida man charged with criminal transmission of hiv to a child after raping him
florida man shoots and dismembers family dog while trying to retrieve son's bitten-off finger
florida man caught drunk driving, with kids in the car, at 127 mph
florida man killed in argument over who was the best worker on a sod crew
created a related subreddit at /r/areaman
florida man arrested for scamming 49ers fans out of $5,900, super bowl tickets
florida man arrested for punching girlfriend who refused abortion
florida man has a new friend. shirtless man just joined twitter and already has 6k followers!
another sinkhole opens in town where florida man was swallowed in his sleep
florida man jailed again for riding wheelchair in the middle of busy road, says it's his constitutional right
florida man arrested for threatening neighbor with machete -  claims he was just pruning palm tree
florida man jailed twice for riding his while chair on the road,thus holding up traffic.
florida man hit by car goes wild on driver
florida man fired after standing up for a tree
deputies: florida man slashes brother with sword in drug argument
florida man in women's clothes and pink fuzzy slippers robs bank
florida man flees scene of theft, found with several teeth missing after collision with post
florida man arrested for recording himself flipping over sitting deputies
florida man arrested for assault with taco bell burrito
florida man accused of using water cup to drink soda at mcdonald's charged with felony
florida man fatally shoots hunting buddy after mistaking him for a wild hog
florida man punches girlfriend s father, bites boat captain after getting caught having sex in bathroom
florida man drunk-dials 911, lands in jail (audio)
florida man contracts rare form of bone cancer, receives 115,000 marijuana joints from the federal government. 
florida man dies when caught fornicating with woman after her husband awoke for a glass of water
florida man brought his teenage son along to torch his ex's car
florida man has penis sliced off in temp-job accident - fort lauderdale and palm beach - news
florida man gets rare bone cancer, receives 115,000 marijuana joints from the federal government. 
florida man lives with 2,000 barbie dolls
naked florida man declares he loves cocaine and tries to steal a woman's car
florida man pees on cop's sandwich
florida man claims he didn't expose himself, he was just fixing his pants
florida man plans self crucifixion on live television on easter
columbia man to rival florida man (x/post from r/funny)
i googled for "florida man". i should've known better.
florida man claims he shot at walmart shoplifter's car so cops could find it later
florida man swallowed by massive sinkhole
florida man high on cocaine, synthetic drugs, and four loko stabs cvs clerk
florida man arrested for battery with a burrito
dog shoots florida man with  unloaded  gun
son of florida man, 10, found wandering the streets naked and drunk.
woman injured by bullet fragment after turning on oven florida man thought was a good place to store glock magazine
florida man torched girlfriend's car and then had sex with her on a beach
florida man swallows 960 grams of cocaine, passes out, gets arrested
florida man was arrested after he reportedly jumped off the roof of a couple s north ft. myers home, knocked one person over and then went on a rampage inside the residence.  oh, he was naked at the time.
florida man scratching his balls starts domestic dispute.
florida man arrested for making his kids ride a manatee calf - miami - news
florida man appeals sex asssault sentence
florida man pretending to be obama calls a 4 year old a hooker.
florida man arrested for waving klingon sword in street
florida man faces up to five years in prison for black mamba snake bite hoax - miami - news
florida man hits boyfriend with plate for listening to too much alanis morissette
hallucinating florida man entered convenience store holding large knives, begged patrons  not to eat him 
florida man accidentally shoots penis while cleaning gun
drunk florida man tries to use taco as id after his car catches fire at taco bell - miami - news
florida man arrested after pocket-dialing 911
police arrest florida man for drunken joyride on motorized scooter at walmart
florida man stabs wife over a hamburger
florida man accused of fraud after name change in 'act of love'
florida man busted for allegedly performing back-alley butt injections that involved needles, bootleg silicone and super glue - ny daily news
how this florida man landed his car on top of two others: an investigation
florida man reportedly  quarantining on disney s discovery island  actually calls himself an urban adventurer and has a youtube channel. here s his own footage,  surrounded by choppers.  more in comments.
i would like to become a florida man i am posting this from a airport about to visit florida for the 30th time please show me the way of the florida men
florida man attempts to overthrow venezuelan government